 

 

 

Test Analyst, Full-time 

EDUCATION 
 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program 
 
Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris VI – Ecole Polytech Paris 
Master of Engineering in Robotics with Honors 
Tuition waivers for three consecutive years 
 
Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Paris VI 
Second year of Electronics Engineering  
 
Universidad de los Andes 
First year of Electronics Engineering and Industrial Engineering 
Scholarship “Alberto Magno”: Outstanding score in the national university admission test ICFES 
 
WORK EXPERIENCES 
 
Tata Group - Tata Consultancy Services 
Client: Large European Clearing House 
Acted  as  the  interface  between  the  French  side  (Client  and  IT  provider)  and  the  offshore  team  in 
Bangalore.  Our  team  ensured  the  compliance  of  a  clearing  platform  with  the  European  Securities  & 
Markets Authority and the client’s requirements. 
-  Won the best team award across Tata Consultancy Services 
-  Estimated resources and time needed for different projects in order to meet deadlines 
-  Synchronized teamwork to cope with the offset in time zones and increase efficiency 
-  Validated technical and functional specifications with business analysts 
-  Designed test scenarios with external users (financial institutions) to facilitate integration 
 
Sopra Group 
Client: Large European Clearing House 
Ensured the reliability of a Clearing platform which is currently used by several trading and clearing 
organizations. 
- Trained a five-person team on an equities management platform 
- Detected and followed-up technical and functional defects 
- Contributed to weekly meetings and collaborated on a daily basis with the IT provider 
 
Saint-Gobain Glass 
E-learning program – MKT²: Manufacturing Know-how Transfer & Training 
Improved the MKT² program and acted as the interface between the central team and the glass 
production plant. All objectives fulfilled. 
-  Achieved more than 30 extra minutes of training per month per user over the 1-hour target 
-  Localized the modules for plants in France, Belgium, Spain, Germany 
-  Training of five intern engineering students and a MKT² developer engineer 
-  Validated E-learning content with technical experts and experienced workers 
 
Northeastern University - WGI.inc 
Design of a closed-loop control for a robotic hand-rehabilitation device 
-  Created a differential and signal filtering electronic circuit and used a real time machine 
 
Kristall Services International 
Computer assistance, Client contact, Accounting assistance 
- Handled customer care for a high end tourism organization (English, French & Spanish) 

Developer Engineer, Internship +Full-time 

Commercial Assistant, Internship 

Visiting researcher, Internship 

Junior Analyst, Full-time 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Language skills: fluent in French, English and Spanish 
Interests: traveling (Africa, Americas, Asia, Europe), historical novels (Dumas, Druon, Garcia Marquez). 
Analytical skills: data analysis, probability, optimization, simulation, statistics 
Technical skills: proficient in Microsoft Office, Tableau, Visual basic, C, Java, MATLAB. 

235 Albany Street, 5091A, Cambridge, MA 02139 | 857-285-0964 |dnovoag@mit.edu 

DAVID NOVOA GARNICA 

Citizenship: France / Colombia 

 

 
Cambridge, MA 
2014 – 2015 
 
Paris, France 
2006 – 2009 
 

Paris, France 
2005 – 2006 
 
Bogota, Colombia 
2004 – 2005 
 
 

 
Paris, France 
Jan. 2013 to 
July 2014 
 

Paris, France 
June 2011 to 
Jan. 2013 
 

Thourotte, France 
Spain & Germany 
Feb. 2009 to 
May 2011 
 

Boston, MA 
June 2008 to 
Sept. 2008 
 
Paris, France 
June 2007 to  
Aug. 2007 

31

