 

M O U N I R   H .   Y A K Z A N 

7 0   P A C I F I C   S T R E E T ,   C A M B R I D G E ,   M A   0 2 1 3 9 ,   U N I T E D   S T A T E S   O F   A M E R I C A 

P H O N E   + 1 ( 6 1 7 ) 5 2 8- 8 9 0 0    •   E - M A I L   M Y A K Z A N @ M I T . E D U 

EDUCATION 
  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA                                                                          Expected  June 2015 

Masters of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program. 
 
American University of Beirut, Lebanon                                                                                                                     June 2009 
Bachelor of Computers and Communications Engineering. 
Minors in Engineering Management and Mathematics. 
Graduated with Honors. Cumulative GPA 88/100. 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
  Square Logic                                                                                                                                           February 2013 - Present 

Founder, Managing Director 

Established the go to market strategy to localize applications in all regions. 

§  Won Harvard i-Lab Competition with an initiative to bring education through Apps to developing countries (“Ameba”). 
§  Created a mobile software development company, aimed at developing gaming applications. 
§ 
§  Designed pseudo-algorithms for the logic of the games. 
§  Designed and implemented QA processes to test software and catch exceptions for games. 
§ 
§ 
§  Created a pipeline of projects to transition seamlessly after finishing each project. 

Partnered with Startup incubators in Lebanon to develop company strategy.  
Lead a team of four people to create and publish two games. 

 

Boston Scientific                                                                                                                                  October 2011 – July 2014 
Product Manager, Middle East and North Africa 

§  Managed sales and marketing for three main divisions in North Africa and Lebanon. 
§ 
§  Negotiated sales deals with distributors and hospitals, prepared bidding documents for big tenders and ensured proper 

Set Sales, Marketing and Training objectives for distributors in North Africa and Lebanon. 

execution of tender agreements through strict inventory management and high quality of service. 
Prepared MENA 5-year plan for three divisions, including sales, operating expenses, marketing and new launches. 
Prepared and presented quarterly business reviews to Management to update on key performance indicators. 

Trained Health Care Professionals and distributors on products and procedures. 

§ 
§ 
§  Developed and presented trainings to distributors for marketing and sales strategies. 
§ 
§  Grew and strengthened market share in North Africa and Lebanon from 5% to 30%. 
§  Created and executed launch strategies for all divisions in North Africa.  
§ 
§ 

Awarded sales manager of the year for 2013, 60% growth over plan. 
Awarded President’s Club for outstanding achievement in 2012, 88% growth over plan. 

 
St. Jude Medical                                                                  
Clinical Projects Leader                                                                                                              January 2010 – September 2011 

§  Responsible for running clinical studies related to implantable medical devices in the Middle East and Greece. 
§  Worked with Medical Doctors in Greece, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Lebanon on developing abstracts for local 

clinical studies. 
Prepared the area for the International Clinical Studies and launched them in Saudi Arabia and Greece. 

§ 
§  Worked through tough deadlines to meet with International team’s schedule. 

Field Technical Engineer                                                                                                               August 2009 – December 2009 

§ 

Provide medical device related technical support for physicians in the Middle East and Greece. 

ADDITIONAL 

§  Languages: Fluent in: Arabic, French and English. Moderate Spanish. 
§  Computer Skills: Java, C++, C#, Objective C/XCode, Access, Tableau. 
§  Hobbies: Cars, Astrophysics, Technology, Skiing, Swimming, Basketball and Travel. 

43

