Joseph H. Williams, Jr. 

224 Albany Street #310 ▪ Cambridge, MA 02139 ▪ (412) 716-0325 ▪ jhwillia@mit.edu  

 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
 
Energetic  and  strategic-minded  professional  experienced  in  field  operations,  planning  and  logistics,  and  transportation 
management.  Confidently  identifies  root  causes  of  critical  issues  and  instantly  integrates  that  knowledge  into  real-time 
solutions. Excels at establishing integrated and organized business solutions that solve complex problems often involving 
seemingly disparate pieces of information. A versatile and respected leader who inspires commitment and followership, 
able to provide real-world transportation experience augmented by highly advanced managerial skills. 
 
EDUCATION 
 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology                                                                                    
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management 
          
 
Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University                                                                                      Blacksburg, VA     
Master of Business Administration 

Cambridge, MA 
2015 
              

                                      2000 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  GMAT Score: 750 
  Study Abroad – Talum D.D. Aluminum Manufacturing Corporation in Kidricevo, Slovenia 

o  Consulting Cooperative in marketing and product distribution 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
   

 
        

 
Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University  
Bachelor of Economics   
 
 
 
EXPERIENCE  
 
Norfolk Southern Corporation  
 
Pittsburgh, Chicago, Cleveland, Dayton, Allentown 
Operations Manager 
Asst. Terminal Superintendent  
Terminal Superintendent  
District Superintendent 
 
Oversaw the overall strategic and operational direction for best-in-class transportation standards and procedures. Managed 
300+  human  resources  in  the  Transportation,  Mechanical,  Communication  &  Signals,  and  Maintenance  of  Way 
departments.  

                                  6/2001 – 1/2013 

Blacksburg, VA 

            1998 

         

  Leveraged cross-functional resources in order to provide exceptional service to local, national and international 

 

  Provided staffing, customer service and procedural recommendations to the Executive team to increase overall 

customers (both internal and external). 

process efficiencies  

  Managed a diverse team consisting of conductors, engineers, yardmasters and trainmasters along with support 
team resources to develop, adopt and implement policies and procedures to ensure optimum safety, efficiency, 
corporate compliance and timely transportation operations practices.  

o  Achieved a 100% injury free environment in both the Cleveland and Dayton terminals. 

  Motivated and mentored team members in change, project and program management, personal and professional 
development and project planning, design and maintenance activities including budgeting and resource allocation. 

  Addressed associate satisfaction concerns by perpetuating a safe and opportunity rich operating environment, 

resulting in a 95% satisfaction rate compared to a company average of less than 86%.  

 
ADDITIONAL 
 
Professional Affiliations: Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc, National Member-at-Large, American Mensa, Member 
National Society of Black Engineers, Regional Advisory Board Chairperson 
MIT Campus Affiliations: Operations Management Club, Management Consulting Club 
Technical Skills: Microsoft Office Suite, Access, Tableau 
Hobbies/Interests: Leadership Development, Weightlifting/Fitness, Football, Music Performance, Reading 

  

42

