540 Memorial Drive, Apt. 807, Cambridge, MA 02139 | 857-266-1635| haekyun@mit.edu 

EDUCATION 

HAEKYUN KIM 

 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) 
 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program  
 
SungKyunKwan University 
 
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, Student Vice President in 2002  
 
EXPERIENCE 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

  
 

 
 

 
   Cambridge, MA 
           Expected Jun. 2015 

 
 

       Seoul, Korea 
            Feb. 2008 

LIG Nex1 | Korea’s largest weapons and defense industry manufacturer  
    Pangyo, Korea 
 
Purchasing Manager, Technical Cooperation Procurement Team  
       Mar. 2012 - Jun. 2014 
 
  Negotiated  and  signed  contracts  with  foreign  manufacturers  to  procure  components,  expertise  and  technologies  for  missile, 

 
        

 
 

 
 

torpedo, radar and avionics systems (total contract amounts equivalent to over $40M annually) 

  Operated over 10 technical cooperation programs with global top 10 weapons manufacturers as a program manager coordinating 

diverse requests and reconciling different business practices between internal departments and foreign companies 

  Managed and solved various issues and processes from suppliers to end customers including costs, technical problems, export 

control, taxes, customs, regulation, quality and urgent delivery; achieved 100% on-time delivery to end customers  

  Created communication process with international suppliers, leading to an increase in on-time delivery rate up to 98% and a 

decrease in repair turnaround time by 30% 

  Collaborated with marketing and engineering teams to design Scope of Work for new projects with foreign partners  

 
       Dec. 2007 - Feb. 2012 
Buyer, Global Procurement Team 
  Structured and negotiated more than 30 purchase agreements in Unmanned Aerial Vehicle, Training jet, Helicopter, Submarine 

       

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

and Telecommunication programs with 30 suppliers from 10 countries 

  Maintained overall supplier relationships and monitored status of progress to meet milestones on time  
  Monitored and managed costs to meet project-specific budgets; completed all projects within allocated budgets 
  Coordinated cross functional teams to improve ERP system by devising an automatic alert system as means of risk mitigation 
  Led team to optimize internal process for strategic procurement, decreasing buyers working hours from 13 to 10 a day 
 
             Changwon, Korea 
VOLVO Construction Equipment 
     
Engineering Department Intern  
                      Jun. 2007 - Aug. 2007  
 
  Developed  modeling  program  with  Visual  Basic  Application  to  calculate  lift  capacity  of  excavators,  improving  engineering 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

department’s working efficiency; received award for excellent project performance, scholarship and full-time job offer 

 
 
BOSCH  
Marketing/Sales of Automotive Aftermarket Department Intern  
  Analyzed market trends of windshield wipers, batteries and spark plugs to forecast supply and demand 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
U.S Army, 2nd Infantry Division 
Sergeant, Graduate of the 8th US Army NCO Academy, KATUSA (Korean Augmentation to U.S. Army) 
  Conducted over 20 field exercises leading junior U.S soldiers; received the Army Commendation Medal  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                      Seoul, Korea 
      Jan. 2007 - May. 2007     

              Uijeongbu, Korea 
       Aug. 2003 - Sep. 2005 

 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

  Led team of four and performed quarterly at live Jazz clubs as a pianist (2007 - 2013) 
  Taught traditional Korean music instrument to Filipino students; earned recognition for volunteer work by the Mayor (2006)  
  Proficient in MS Office, Tableau, Visual Basic Application, Basic knowledge of programming 
  English (Fluent), Korean (Native) 

21

