jwnelson@mit.edu • 11 Cogswell Avenue, Cambridge, MA 02140 • (630) 809-5779 

Jordan Nelson 

 
EDUCATION 
 
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
Masters of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program 
 
UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS AT URBANA-CHAMPAIGN 
College of Business/ Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing 
  Six time Dean’s List Award recipient; Phi Sigma Pi Honors Fraternity Class President 

 

 

Cambridge, MA 
August 2014 – June 2015 

Urbana, IL 
August 2006 – May 2010 

EXPERIENCE 
 
Chicago, IL 
HALL & PARTNERS  
 
Global research consulting company; subsidiary of the Omnicom Group 
Project Manager 
July 2013-August 2014 
  Led process for supplier best practice at a company-wide level. Ran collaboration workshops with suppliers to create 

 

content and direction used to develop master services agreement. 

  Named  to  leadership  committee  involved  in  direction  of  strategic  global  operations  across  four  offices.  Met 

quarterly with global COO providing status and initiative updates.   

 

  Acted as project level consultant on six strategic accounts totaling in revenues over $9 million dollars with a final 

gross margin 9.5% above the company average. 
Implemented information sharing dashboard for largest client in Chicago office and named product owner for US 
offices. 

Project Coordinator 
August 2011-July 2013 
  Supervised all international and external team operations. Led process overhaul and redesign that identified areas for 

potential growth and refinement resulting in over 320 work hours saved annually and a 5% increase in margin.  

  Managed three teams responsible for over one fifth of office revenue and serving largest clients in Chicago.  
 

Increased  team  gross  profit  by  45%  over  a  year  and  a  half  through  operational  reforms  and  resource  planning. 
Implemented process reforms allowing for total revenue increase of 30% in 2013.  

  Developed  new  global  operational  processes  that  resulted  in  an  increased  team  gross  profit  from  43%  to  61% 

resulting in global process replication  

  Directed  global  training  programs  for  key  company  offerings.  Presented  internal  technology  update  to  US  CEO 

explaining new structure and operational implications. 

 
RABIN RESEARCH COMPANY  
Market research firm with diverse experience including both consumer facing and B2B brands.  
Project Supervisor 
June 2011-August 2011 
  Granted increased responsibility for brand research operations, reporting, and analysis. Directed research functions 

Chicago, IL 

for largest clients and implemented various company-wide operational improvements.  

  Delivered  insights  on  brand  health  and  effectiveness  of  marketing  communications  for  over  25  different  brands 

across a variety of industries.  

resulting in a 20% increase in team capacity.  

  Procured and implemented new data collection and processing system replacing an incumbent system of 15 years 

Assistant Project Supervisor 
June 2010-June 2011 
  Analyzed data with complex statistical measures to uncover market trends. Segmented consumer groups based on 

both demographic and psychographic traits.  

  Managed  the  first  ever  ‘real  time’  reporting  study  conducted  and  communicated  results  directly  to  client  while 

answering real time analysis questions.  
Increased gross revenue by 7% in Q2 2011 by creating unique business-to-business contact methodology for largest 
client. 

 

 
CLUBS AND ORGANIZATIONS 
  Outreach Community Center – REACH ACT program founder and director 
  Phi Sigma Pi National Honors Fraternity Alumni Connection – Business Function Director 
 
AWARDS AND RECOGNITION 
  Most Outstanding New Concept 2013 – Hall and Partners Chicago awarded to employee with best idea and 

presentation selected by office vote and leadership team evaluation.  
Influential Volunteer Award 2013 – Outreach Community Center. 

 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
  Microsoft Office Suite (including Access), SQL, UML, XML, Tableau  
 

 

 

 

30

