Bridget Spector 

EDUCATION 
Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 

 
                                                   Current Address: SMC XXXX Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA XZIPX  

Permanent  Address:  XXXX  Street,  Apt,  City,  ST  XZIPX 

      Email: xxxxxx@andrew.cmu.edu  Cell: XXX.XXX.XXX 

Bachelor of Science; Majors: Civil Engineering & Engineering & Public Policy; Minor: Global Systems and Management 
GPA: 3.51; Awards: Dean’s List (Spring 2015); New Vision Scholarship Award; SHPE Scholarship Recipient (Fall 2015) 

Central Park East High School, Advanced Regents Diploma, New York, NY 

GPA: 4.0; Advanced Placement coursework: Physics C, Calculus AB, U.S. History, Statistics 
Awards: Hispanic Heritage Foundation Scholarship Award (2014), Valedictorian (2014) 
 

ACADEMIC PROJECTS\ 
Engineering and Public Policy Project, Pittsburgh, PA 

•  Act as a technical analyst for a consulting firm that specializes in solving technical problems that impact society and 

provide feedback to policy makers regarding the usage of solid waste recycling for electricity generation. 

•  Create a detailed analysis including graphs and tables of whether the policy makers should implement the policy. 

 

Civil Engineering Bridges Over Water Project, Pittsburgh, PA                                                                September-December 2014 

•  Estimated time for the level of dissolved oxygen contained in a lake to be high enough to sustain aquatic life; tested the 

water every five hours using Hecuvac test to measure the oxygen. 

•  Collaborated in a team of four to create a report to advise the professor on the appropriate time to restock the lake 

including graphic analysis and tables with data. 
 

LEADERSHIP & EXPERIENCE\ 
Society for Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE), Community Outreach Chair, Pittsburgh, PA 

•  Organize and plan events including a soccer tournament and community service with additional organizations on 

campus and SHEP chapters at universities such as the University of Pittsburgh. 

•  Contact, via email, high schools and local organizations to increase awareness of the Latino Community in Pittsburgh. 
•  Attend events with representatives from companies including Exxon Mobile and Google. 

Sponsors for Educational Opportunity (SEO), Scholar & Ambassador, New York, NY  

 

     January 2011-Present 

•  Selected to participate in an academic achievement program; completed 720+ hours of coursework. 
•  Participated in career exploration and networking events; shared personal experiences with potential donors. 

April 2015-Present 
•  Obtain internship preparation through coursework on accounting and consulting; receive training on interviewing & resume 

 SEO-U 

August 2014-Present 

Bloomberg L.P, Leadership, Learning & Organizational Development Intern, New York, NY 

May-August 2015 

•  Worked with business partners, leaders and relationship managers to create development solutions to impact company 

•  Completed analytical projects involving Human Relations systems, data and Bloomberg Terminal. 
•  Assisted during weekly speaker series to assemble materials and introduce speakers. 
•  Supported recruiters and facilitated a mixer by planning and organizing an event with 400 people in attendance. 
•  Developed a solution for Bloomberg campus recruiting working in a team of four; presented to 400-500 

Bloomberg operations personnel; received award for technical operations. 

Continental Shipping Corporation, Social Media Expert, New York, NY 

•  Managed Facebook and Twitter accounts; completed emails and phone calls to clients concerning payments and package 

March-May 2014 

editing. 

operation. 

status. 

•  Completed clerical duties including ensuring all payments were completed and clients received receipts; packed 

boxes and completed copies of necessary documents. 

SKILLS 
Computer: Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint; Intermediate proficiency in Python 3; Experienced with Bloomberg 
Languages: Fluent in Spanish and English 

 

 

 

Anticipated May 2018 

June 2014 

January 2015-Present 

 

 

 

4 

