Phone: 407-497-0329 E-Mail: madwheeler26@gmail.com 

Madison B. Wheeler 
80 Elk St. Whitmore Lake, MI 48189 

 
 

 
 

 
Education 

Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 

      Expected: May 2017 

Bachelor of Science Biosystems Engineering, biomedical concentration (GPA 3.1/4.0) 
Deans List – Spring ’13, Fall ‘14 

 
 

 
 

 
Experience 

BE 485 Senior Design Project                                                                           August 2016 – Current 
Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 
- Working with a team to do internal cleaning and verification for a pharmaceutical machine for Perrigo. 
- Appointed communications manager, serving as main point of contact for client. 
Hair At Home                                                                                                     May 2016 – Current 
Whitmore Lake, MI 
- Helped with the start-up of home business. 
- Currently responsible for accounting and bookkeeping of 20+ clients throughout Michigan. 
- Created business website, headed marketing and advertising campaign. 
BE 385 Research/Design Project                                                                      Spring 2016 
Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 
- Researched a solution to water quality problems in Latin America, focusing on slow-sand water filters.  
- Created professional presentations and design reports while learning to work with international clients. 
BE 230 Research/Design Project                                                                     Spring 2015 
Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 
- Led a team on the research of general probiotic viability in mass-produced yogurt. 
- Designed a theory-based alternative to general mass production/transfer/storage of yogurt, which allowed for 
increased probiotic viability in the product. 
Holiday Inn North 
Ann Arbor, MI                                                                                                     May 2016 - Current 
- Front desk customer service representative 
- Gained excellent multi-tasking abilities and computer trouble-shooting experience. 
- Experience working with customers from various backgrounds and countries. 

 
 

 

 
  Activities 

Engineers for a Sustainable World – MSU chapter                                      May 2016 – Current 
Part of a team that founded MSU chapter 
Appointed communications chair; responsible for updating chapter website and social media, communicating current 
events and updates to all members. 
Saint Joseph Mercy Hospital                                                                         May 2015 - Current 
Volunteer in oncology department, assisted physicians and nurses with minor patient needs. 
Society of Women Engineers                                                                        August 2013 - Current 
Mentor to freshmen women in engineering, assisting them with classwork, specifically within Biosystems. 
The Engineering Society of Detroit                                                                April 2016 - Current 
 

Skills 
Working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint 
Experience with MatLab, AutoCAD, LabView, ArcGIS 

 

 

 

 

49