9191 G. Drive South                                         Ryan Ziegler                            269-753-8623  
Ceresco, MI 49033                                                                                                                                ziegle62@msu.edu  
 
Objective 
Motivated, hardworking, and personable Biosystems and Agricultural Engineering student seeking a full time position 
that would utilize my technical and problem-solving skills, to enhance innovation and improve productivity. 

 

 

Education  
Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI 
Bachelor of Science, Biosystems Engineering Major, Agribusiness Management Minor 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 Expected May 2017  
 
         3.3/4.0 

 

Experience  
Production Engineering Intern, ADM -Marshall, MN                         

          Summer 2016  
  Worked on several  capital projects, utilizing time and project management.  Responsible for writing project 

 

 

 

proposals, work orders, SOP and MOC forms,  

  Designed a pump assembly to allowing increased product throughput in a bottleneck area of the process. 
  Added drip legs and steam traps to increase efficiency on steam lines for process equipment reducing downtime 

and maintenance costs. 

 
Production Engineering Intern, ADM -Des Moines, IA                           

 

          Summer 2015  
Implemented a new Flaking Aspiration ductwork system to prevent dust and debris from the soybeans to escape 
the processing equipment, preventing build-up and additional cleaning.

 

 

  Designed OSHA regulated Primary Aspiration Catwalk in processing plant, and was responsible for ordering 

the materials, leading the fabrication, and assisting in the installation.   

  Analyzed the project scope of replacing a belt conveyer over a grain bin by determining the needed size of the 

conveyor, motor and drive, as well as calculated the costs of the conveyer, materials, crane, and labor.  

  Responsible for troubleshooting process equipment and machinery to prevent downtime and increase efficiency. 

 
Ag Services Operations Intern, ADM- Auroraville, WI  

              

          Summer 2014  

  Maintained and repaired various operating and construction equipment to prevent lost time and breakages. 
  Successfully managed and oversaw 5 hourly employees and delegated assignments as needed.  
  Complied to all regulatory policies, practices, and standards pertaining to OSHA, EPA, DNR, and DOT . 
  Created  electrical  conservation  and  management  procedure  to  decrease  operating  costs  and  ensure  resource 

 

 

 

 

sustainability.  

 
Owner Operator, Ziegler Farms - Ceresco, MI  

 

 

 

 June 2011 – Present  

  Coordinate and prioritize temporary labor activities to achieve daily production quotas and quality work.  
  Schedule planting, cultivation and harvesting of field crops to meet deadlines and effectively manage time.  
  Responsible for the operation of three irrigation systems to ensure ideal moisture levels in the soil and maintain 

optimum plant health.  

  Manage a  50+ head  of  Angus  beef  cattle  operation by  monitoring  animal  health,  water  and  feed  levels, and 

improving fencing which led to an increased average rate of gain. 

 
Honors and Activities 

  Executive Committee in Kappa Sigma Fraternity - East Lansing, MI  

 April 2013 - Present  
  Vice President- Manage house operations, facilitate meetings and maintain accountability in scholarship, 

 

 

leadership, fellowship and service. 

  Assistant Philanthropy Chair- Created a new annual fundraising event for Military Heroes Campaign.  
  Worked independently and in collaborative situations to achieve financial and outreach objectives.   

  Biosystems Club- Representative for College of Agriculture & Natural Resources               Spring 2014 - 2015 
               Spring 2015 – 2016 

  Treasurer – Responsible for managing the club’s finances and budget. 

  Scholarships: DeBoer Family Scholarship, George & Betty Merva Scholarship, Campbell Soup Academic 

 
 
Computer Skills 
Microsoft Office:  Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, MatLab, LabView, AutoCAD, Revit Architecture 

53