Danielle Smith 
 5 1 7 - 6 4 8 - 7 8 6 3     |     s m i t 2 0 7 3 @ m s u . e d u  

3 3 6   O a k h i l l   A v e ,   E a s t   L a n s i n g ,   M I   4 8 8 2 3 
 
Education 
B.S. Biosystems Engineering 
Michigan State University 
East Lansing, MI 
2013 - Present 
Expected Graduation: May 2017 
GPA: 3.31/4.00 
 
 

 

                      

Skills 
ArcGIS 
Microsoft Office 
Storm and Sanitary Analysis 
MATLAB 
Watershed Delineation 
Intermediate Sign Language 
(Pidgin Signed English) 
 
Time Management 

Teamwork 

Critical Thinking 

 

 

Activities 
Sigma Alpha Professional 
Agriculture Sorority 
Professional Chair/Member 
2015-Present 
 
Williamston Kiwanis Club 
Secretary/Assistant Secretary 
2014-Present 
 
Biosystems Engineering Club 
Member 
2016-Present 
 

 
 

 

                    

 

 

Objective 
Deadline-oriented individual with multiple experiences pertaining to 
professionalism. Has worked with and for engineers for over a year while also 
attending Michigan State University full time and holding positions within 
multiple organizations concurrently. Looking for full time position as an Engineer. 

 

Professional Experience 
Intern Engineer 
Spicer Group Inc. / St. Johns, MI / Summer 2016 
 
A summer internship in the Water Resources Department of a Civil Engineering 
Firm.  Work related directly to drainage district delineation and mapping of 
county drains to be reviewed.  

•  Self-trained to efficiency in ArcGIS and small amounts of Storm and 

•  Drainage district delineation and field verification. 
•  Creation of various forms of maps in ArcGIS for use by County Drain 

•  Preparation of Hydrology and Hydraulics data such as land use and soil 

Sanitary Analysis,  

Commissioners. 

type.  
 

Student Aide 
MSU Planning, Design, and Construction / East Lansing, MI  / 2015-Present 
 
Year-round job working with Michigan State University engineers and 
administration to provide clerical assistance on projects.  

• 

Input data and documents into a variety of record keeping programs used 
by campus engineers and contractors. 

•  Process invoices by creating requisitions, sending orders to the 

purchasing staff, and paying bills. 

•  Audit change orders to check for mathematical accuracy and ensure that 

contractors meet prevailing wage requirements. 

 
Study Abroad 
Ecological Engineering in the Tropics / Costa Rica / 2015-2016 
  
An Ecological Engineering based program focused on International Studies in 
Biosystems Engineering. 

•  Analyze Organic versus Conventional Coffee Growth methods for cost 

efficiency and environmental impact.  

•  Develop a harvesting mechanism for wetland plants at a research station, 
reducing harvesting time down to twenty-five minutes from the previous 
standard of eight hours. 

42