07/2010 to 10/2011 

07/2009 to 06/2010 

02/2007 to 07/2009 

11/2005 to 02/2007 

Safety Officer 
Stantec Consultant Corporation BP Gulf of Mexico Oil Spill － New Orleans, LA 

 Represented BP's Health & Safety interest during the Emergency Response.
 Succeeded Health and Safety operations for 2,500 employees both onshore

and offshore.

 Managed relationships as a liaison with OSHA, NIOSH, FDA, USCG and other

regulatory agencies. Conducted Safety inspections onshore and offshore
locations.

Support Engineer Office 
Stantec Consultant Corporation － Chicago, IL 

 Operated for the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) at the

Regional V Support Center for six states: Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota,
Ohio and Wisconsin.

 Performed Quality Reviews of Flood Insurance Studies for six states,

hydrologic and hydraulic analysis involved.

 Achieved Quality reviews of technical support packages for levees in the

Provisional Accreditation Levee (PAL) process.

Support Engineer 
Stantec Consultant Corporation － Lombard, IL 

 Designed and implemented pilot test and SVE systems (systems of vapor

 Organized and managed technical documents for Phase III Remedial
 Investigation for Retail Gas Stations Facilities in Illinois (IEPA requirements

extraction).

applied).

Staff Engineer Office 
Stantec Consultant Corporation － Okemos, MI 

 Directed and organized Phase I and Phase II Remedial Investigation for Retail

Gas Stations Facilities in Central America and United States.

 Wrote and translated the Driving Safety Program, Job Safety Analyses, Hand
Safety Program, proposals and Risk Assessment Reports for projects in Central
and Latin America.

 Engaged drilling, sampling and operating activities on various sites in the

United States and Central America.

 Coordinated the Air Monitoring Program in a Superfund Site in California.

EDUCATION 
2017 

2010 

2003 

Master of Science: Engineering Management 
Northwestern University 
Engineering Management 3.5 

Master of Science: Civil and Environmental Engineering 
Michigan State University 
Civil and Environmental Engineering 3.5 

Bachelor of Science: Civil Engineering 
Universidad de Cuenca 

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS 

Society of Woman Engineers (SWE) 

