Samad O. Erogbogbo

450, Warrenville Road, Unit 412, Lisle, Illinois, U.S.A. 

Phone: +1-773-319-0999 | samaderogbogbo2015@u.northwestern.edu 

EDUCATION 

2015 – Pr.  

2006 - 08 

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY 
McCormick SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING 
Masters in Engineering Management 

 

ILLINOIS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
ARMOUR COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING 
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering 
Co-operative Engineering Education Certificate 

2004 - 05 

HAROLD WASHINGTON COLLEGE 
Pre-Engineering Courses 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Evanston, IL 

       Chicago, IL 

       Chicago, IL 

2009 - Pr. 

Fauske and Associates LLC. (FAI) 
Senior Mechanical Engineer 
FAI is a world leader in Nuclear and Chemical process safety, founded in 1980. FAI has been a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Westinghouse Electric Company (WEC) since 1986.  

    Burr Ridge, IL

•! Lead in establishing multiple new revenue streams as part of a division wide business diversification effort. 
Business  diversification  efforts  were  initiated  due  to  sector  contraction  and  loss  of  revenue.  Businesses 
included  a  testing  laboratory  for  a  set  of  test  methods  identified  as  business  opportunities  and  developing 
aerosol transport technology applications to overcome a 5% revenue loss. 

•! Organized  teams  for  business  collaboration,  innovation,  and  development  activities.  Established  new 
organization  level  procedures,  standards,  and  multiple  other  team  benefiting  metrics  leading  to  improved 
productivity. Efforts were part of concerted organization development and business diversification efforts. 

•! Led successful team of 8 multi-disciplinary professionals and coordinated between multiple teams of other 
professionals tasked with identifying root cause of mechanical failures in a critical plant system following 
$20 million plant upgrade. Saved customers approximately $14 million in downtime costs through design, 
setup, and execution of analysis and experiments determining cause of anomalies at Swedish nuclear facility.  
•! Authored patent US 20140054429 A1, a retrofit device for measuring Nuclear Power Plant piping vibrations 

in conditions of extreme heat and radiation, where conventional sensors failed. 

•! Authored and verified durability of piping networks following abnormal plant operation leading to system 
failures and personnel safety concerns for new generation Nuclear Power Plants. The calculations were used 
to design proper supports to limit damage to systems and alleviate safety concerns for regulator approval.  

•! Pivotal member of 10-person team, tasked with simulating and analyzing Fukushima Daichi Nuclear Power 
Plant accident after 2011 earthquake and tsunami. 5-year project included model development and analysis 
using severe accident simulation code MAAP. Results gave plant owners insights on state of plant systems. 

•! Coordinated procurement, setup, testing and reporting of testing campaigns, over 3-year span, for multiple 
Power  Plant  Operators  to  ensure  unintended  system  failures  are  avoided  following  varying  sizeable 
investments, 10’s to 100’s of millions, by clients on plants upgrades. Regulator mandated testing for approval 
of upgrades. Test team included engineers, universities and technicians. 

2007 - 08 

Gamma Technologies Inc. 
(GTI)  Engineering Intern 
GTI is the global leader in vehicle simulation software and offers the industry standard in "virtual 
vehicle/powertrain", for integrated simulations of entire vehicles.   

   Westmont, IL 

•! Completed cooperative education program project to implement a new feature in GTCrank software package. 

New feature enables fatigue analysis of an engine Crankshaft using EFR stresses and FEA as input. 

•! Collaborated  with  software  engineers  and  application  engineers  to  enhance  overall  GTSuite  software 

Graphical User Interface. 

INITIATIVES & ACHIEVEMENTS 

2012 - 13
2007 - 08

Mentored and tutored Adult Basic Education for job seekers at the Jane Adams Resource Corporation
Co-organized a blanket drive for orphaned children in Korea with members of the Rotaract Club at IIT

