  Basic  engineering,  detail  engineering,  E.P.C  projects,  involving  activities  like  scheduling,  preparing  and  reviewing  engineering 
deliverables working in a team of designers/engineers along with executing major equipment procurement activities, including close 
outs and change order management  

  Conducted face to face meetings with client for design review, HAZOP workshop, project progress reviews and technical clarifications 

for finalizing technical deliverables. 

 

  Man-power  planning,  developing  and  monitoring  deliverable  scheduling  in  coordination  with  planning  department  along  with 

coordination with satellite office (Chennai) for timely issue of all technical deliverables. 

  Conducted End User Factory Acceptance Tests at various vendor works like Schneider (Germany, Indonesia), Siemens (Italy), Leroy 

Somer (France), ABB (Germany, Dubai), L&T (India, Malaysia), STAHL (Germany) etc. 

  Carried out FEED documents/E.P.C contract documents review and Design Optimization clarifications for Khazzan Tight Gas Project 
with  Client,  in  Diesel  Generator  Sizing,  during  FEED  Verification,  which  led  to  reduction  2.7  MW  of  Emergency  Load,  saving 
approximately US $2 million, procurement and construction cost. 

  Prepared the load-list for the Badra, Central Processing Facility. A redistribution proposal in load-list, as a part of design optimization 
was accepted by the Client (Gazprom NEFT), which saved a considerable quantity of cables, switchgears and transformers, worth US 
$0.4 million. 

  Was nominated for Petrofac’s EVE awards and Royal academy of Engineering- Rising stars awards. (June’13), in recognition of 

 

design and cost optimization efforts. 
Led and monitored a team of field supervisors to maintain the construction and commissioning activities as per the construction 
schedule in compliance with Client quality and project management team for long terms in project sites at Badra, Iraq and Kauther, 
Oman. 
 

S K I L L S  
  Engineering Software: Minitab, ETAP, PDMS Review, SP3D Review, AutoCAD (Basic), Weka, Tableau 
  Basic Software: Microsoft Office - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft Project & Adobe: Photoshop and Premiere,  
  Languages: Hindi, Marathi & Bengali – Native 

C O M M U N I T Y   S E R V I C E  
  Participated in various marathon events and successfully completed 100Km Oxfam India Trail Walk near Pune in 41 hours (Oct’13), 

as an effort to raise funds to benefit local villages near Pune, through Oxfam, India.  

  Associated with an Orphanage (Aashalay, Kharghar, Navi Mumbai, India), volunteered as a part time teacher there. (Jan’10- Nov’11) 

