​ AMBER AGGARWAL

FLOWSERVE CORPORATION​, Moosic, PA
Design Engineer 

Page Two 

October ​2010 – ​February​ 2011 

● Created, modified and updated pump parts pertaining to customer requirements using AutoCAD Mechanical.
● Reviewed customer contracts and resolved open commercial technical production issues.
● Specify direct modification of products to ensure conformance with engineering and design requirements.
● Coordinated activities of operational personnel to meet customer requirements.
● Generated technical reports for evaluation of rotating equipment via inspection and repair process.

PROJECTS 

● Finance ­ iPhone 6 Valuation (2015)​:
 

 

 

 

­ Gathered inputs such as expected duration of cash flows, fixed and variable costs, working capital, WACC, etc. to

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

develop a Discounted Cash Flow (DCF) analysis to calculate the Net Present Value (NPV). 

 

­ Conducted sensitivity analysis using @Risk and Monte Carlo simulations which included Expected NPV,
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

frequency distributions, summary statistics and sensitivity charts. 

● Finance ­ Capital Budgeting Analysis (2015):

­ Collected inputs from various internal teams to create a DCF model for a next generation Motorola smartphone. 
­ Calculated key valuation metrics such as the NPV and Internal Rate of Return and conducted a real option

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

analysis using a decision tree for project feasibility. 

● Business Strategy Plan Simulation (2015):

­ Winner of the  simulation competition among 7 teams. 
­ Managed a domestic simulated car company in a dynamic market competing for market share and profitability. 
­ Orchestrated decisions a​cross all functional areas of the business: marketing, research & development, production,

 
distribution, and finance and executed the plan over several simulated years.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

● Brave Initiatives Marketing Plan (2016):

­ Created a complete marketing plan for a non­profit start­up, Brave Initiatives, which empowers young women to
 

   

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

be the agent of change through design thinking, self­efficacy and coding skills to alleviate a social issue.  
The project included a thorough market analysis, strategic initiatives and specific tactics to increase the number of
BraveCamps, students and funding by 50%. 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

­

Masters of Engineering Management 
BS​, Mechanical Engineering 
Six Sigma Black Belt Trained 
Design for Six Sigma Green Belt 
Introduction to Mandarin 

EDUCATION 

Northwestern University 
Cleveland State University 
Motorola University 
Motorola University 
Motorola University 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

2015 – 2017 (expected March) 
2005 – 2010 
2015 ­ Present 
2014 ­ Present 
2014 

● Elected Student Advisory Board member as a Chair of Professional Development at Northwestern University’s

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Masters in Engineering Management Program.

● Promoted to Executive Board Member of Students Today Alumni Tomorrow (STAT) at Cleveland State University.
● Awarded Rising Alumni of the Year award from the Alumni Association at Cleveland State University.
● Nominated by employer for ‘Student Worker of the Year’ award at Cleveland State University for the year 2009­2010

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
out of 2,000 student workers.

 

 

● Intramural Sports Champion of Table Tennis and Badminton at Cleveland State University for 2 consecutive years.
● Member of the Project Management Institute.

