Ryan W. Warner 

Phone: (224) 436-9318 - Email: ryanwarner2020@u.northwestern.edu 

Career Objective 

A leadership position with growth opportunities utilizing my background in continuous improvement. 

Northwestern University, Masters of Engineering Management 
University of Illinois at Chicago, Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering  
Professional   Experience 

Education 

Expected December 2019 
       December 2013 

 

 

 January 2016 to Present 

Siemens Building Technologies   
Production Supervisor –  Buffalo Grove, IL 
Responsible for a team of 15 assemblers and 2 team leaders with an annual department budget of $1.8 million.  Promoted with 
additional factory responsibility within 7 months totaling 36 direct reports and $2.8 million in annual budget. 
Siemens Process Industries and Drives 
Operations Leadership Development Program 
                                                    January 2014 to January 2016 
Two year fast track rotational program with four unique rotations designed to build experience and system expertise for top collegiate 
recruits; resulting in upper management career placement. 
Project Manager – Norwood, OH 
Project Manager for the ANEMA EDGE Project, a 3 year, $19 million savings and business transformation initiative.  Responsible for 
leading cross functional teams towards program goals and reporting on high level metrics to executive management. 
 - Automated factory metrics reporting using VBA yielding 88% reduction in manual processing time.
Warehouse Supervisor – Alpharetta, GA 
Scope of responsibility included a team of 7 employees and 2 team leaders whose roles were material stocking, picking and material 
handling. Responsible for driving Key Performance Indicators, including 6S, Delivery Reliability, Inventory Accuracy, Productivity, 
Pick Accuracy and Safety metrics. 
- Implemented new work scheduling, productivity reporting, and auditing process for warehouse tasks
- Reduced internal customer complaints by 73% percent, reduced zeroed out material in warehouse by 68%
Quality Engineer – New Kensington, PA 
Led plant wide initiative for Process Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (PFMEA) and implemented Poke- Yoke countermeasures.  
   - Identified 36 “high risks” plant wide and reduced 24 below Risk Priority Number (RPN) threshold of 125
- Completed intensive Six Sigma Green Belt training and project resulting in 53% defect reduction
Lean Engineer – Elgin, IL 
 Role focused on Continuous Improvement and Manufacturing Engineering type responsibilities.  Trained thoroughly in the “Toyota 
Way” of lean and Theory of Constraints.    
- Established mechanism to record cycle time and station downtime and report it as part of Visual Shop Floor Management
Operations Leadership Development Program Internships
Lean Engineer – Norwood, OH  
Quality Engineer – Elgin, IL 

May 2013- August 2013 
May 2012- August 2012 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Certifications 

Certified Associate in Project Management - Issued by Project Management Institute 
Six Sigma Green Belt - Issued by Siemens/BMGI  

 

 November 2015 
         March 2015 

Campus Activites 

Institute of Industrial Engineers – University of Illinois-Chicago Chapter 895          
Held leadership positions with increasing responsibility (Social Chairman, President, Senior Advisor). 
- 'Gold Award' 2012 and 2013: Led Chapter to the highest certification given to only 35 student chapters in the world.
Cigar Club at the University of Illinois-Chicago  
  2009-2013 
Presented Club concept and business plan, awarded “official” University sanctioned status in 2009.  Served as president for 3 years.  

   2010-2013 

- AutoCad, Microsoft Office Suites, Microsoft Access, Minitab, Rockwell Arena Simulation, SAP, VBA
- Conversant in German language

Other Skills

