Tai	Willis	Olson	

2040	W.	Mclean	Ave.,	Unit	1	Chicago,	IL	60647	

taiolson2015@u.northwestern.edu	w	(828)	779-1345	

EDUCATION	

Northwestern	University,	Evanston,	IL	
Masters	of	Engineering	Management	Candidate,	Anticipated	Graduation	June	2017	

	

												September	2015-Present	

•
•

Focus	on	Managerial	Analytics	including	optimization	modeling,	forecasting,	simulation	and	analysis.
Focus	on	Design	and	Innovation	including	new	product	introduction,	product	management,	patent	research	and
intellectual	property	control.

University	of	Virginia,	Charlottesville,	VA	
School	of	Engineering	and	Applied	Science	
B.S.	Civil	Engineering	

American	Lime	Technology	and	US	Heritage	Group,	Chicago,	IL	
Director	of	Operations	
	
Technical	Sales	Engineer		

EXPERIENCE	

						May	2009	

			October	2015-Present	
									August	2012-October	2015	

US	Heritage	Group	and	American	Lime	Technology	are	sister	companies.		US	Heritage	Group	manufactures	custom	
historic	masonry	restoration	materials	and	provides	project	laboratory	services	and	consulting.		American	Lime	
Technology	produces	residential	and	commercial	bio-composite	wall	envelope	systems	based	on	hemp	aggregate	
and	cementitious	binders	called	Hemcrete.			

Responsibilities	

o Plan	manufacturing	production	schedule.
o Create	forecasting	models	to	facilitate	inventory	management.
o Optimize	supply	chain	to	manage	material	sourcing.
o Develop	and	implement	processes	to	optimize	efficiency	and	reduce	costs	of	manufacturing.
o Develop	new	products,	custom	testing	and	accreditation	methods.
o Oversee	laboratory	analysis	and	write	analysis	reports	for	historic	mortar	testing.
o Lead	in-house	and	onsite	training	for	contractors	and	present	American	Institute	of	Architects	Continuing
o Estimate	projects,	write	proposals,	develop	and	review	specifications,	and	respond	to	technical	inquiries

Education	courses.

from	architects,	contractors	and	homeowners.

LEADERSHIP	AND	VOLUNTEER	EXPERIENCE	

Student	Advisory	Board,	Northwestern	University,	Evanston,	IL	
Alumni/Outreach	Committee	Chair	

• Organize	networking	and	social	events	with	current	students,	alumni	and	faculty.
•

Arrange	professional	development	activities	for	current	students.

											September	2015-Present	

Nonprofit	consulting,	Chicago,	IL	

	April	2015-Present	
Consult	with	non-profit	group	to	develop	coconut-fiber	based	building	system	for	affordable	housing	in	Jamaica.

•

TECHNICAL	AND	MANAGERIAL	SKILLS	

• Modeling,	Forecasting,	Analysis	and	Simulation	with	Excel	Solver,	@Risk,	and	PrecisionTree.
•
•
•

Formal	Leadership	and	Negotiation	Training.
Expert	in	Microsoft	Office.
Proficient	in	CAD	software	including	AutoCAD,	Vectorworks,	and	SketchUp.

