ENRIQUE MORENO-GOMEZ 

(+1) 312 465-8081 ● e.mg@u.northwestern.edu  
http://linkedin.com/in/enriquemorenogomez 

EDUCATION 
Northwestern University – Evanston, IL. McCormick School of Engineering 
Master in Engineering Management (MEM) Project and Process Management concentration 
Optional summer internship: Willis Re Inc. - Latin America case studies 

Universidad de los Andes – Bogota, Colombia. Business Administration 
Diploma in Financial Administration. Modeling and Financial Strategy 

Pontificia Universidad Javeriana – Bogota, Colombia. Civil Engineering 
BS, Civil Engineering. Ranked first place among fifteen undergraduate civil engineering students 

Continuing Education  
Risk Analysis Course. Universidad de los Andes 
Property Seminar: Risk Assessment and Management of an Insured Portfolio. Swiss-Re 
Risk Analysis of Renewable Energy and Insurance Course. ITSEMAP MAPFRE RE      

 Sep/2014 to Dec/2015 

      Jan/2013 to Dec/2013 

      Jan/2003 to Sep/2008 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
Willis Re Inc., Broker 
Broker for Latin America and the Caribbean 
 Developed and implemented reinsurance solutions and risk management advisory services to the major clients in the region in

 Jan/2016 to Current 

order to adapt them to the new practices of Solvency II regulatory framework in Latin America

Willis Re Inc., Graduate Summer Intern  
Latin America Case Studies (part of the MEM Program) 
 Analyzed the tendering mortgage portfolios in Colombia to guide the Peruvian clients in future regulation challenges; ensuring a

 Jul/2015 to Sep/2015 

 

long-term relationship with the company

 Assessed the impact of a new catastrophe probabilistic estimation in Costa Rica in order to quantify the level of reinsurance,

reserves and capital for local clients. The assessment was presented to the main client, ensuring the renewal of their contracts
with Willis Re

Seguros Comerciales Bolivar S.A., Assistant Vice-President 
Catastrophe Events and Reinsurance 

       Jul/2008 to Jul/2014 

 Established a methodology based on real estate market variations to determine annual increments for the mortgage portfolio’s

value of insurance increasing annual income by 8%

 Implemented a methodology aimed at specifying economic losses due to extreme events, facilitating the quantification of loss

projections, retention analysis, and the transferable risk to reinsurers. Contributed to the financial rating upgrading from AA+ to
AAA by Fitch Ratings in 2013

 Enriched the Synergic Catastrophe Logistics Plan by implementing the experience acquired in the 2010 Chilean earthquake and

the 2011 Bogota’s urban floods. Plan won the Holding Bolivar’s Synergy Innovation Award among 218 projects in 2012

 Conceived and enforced a synergic IT process that facilitates managing information of residential-units which are guarantees of a

bank-loan and insured by the company; patent pending

 Developed an on-line platform to establish the appropriate insured-rate premium of residential buildings exposed to different

geospatial-hazards resulting in reduced sales time as well as a 7% increase in annual revenue

 Actively  participated  with  the  local  regulator  and  the  Insurance  Association  to  change  the  Colombian  catastrophe  reserve.

Revising Latin America insurance regulations, alternative risk transfer solutions and estimate the impact for the local market

 Planned and implemented an early on-line warning system to estimate economic losses of an insured portfolio if a seismic event

occurs in the Colombian territory

Ingetec S.A., Junior Engineer 
 Structural Design Section 

 Jan/2008 to Jul/2008 

 Collaborated in the structural design and revision of different hydraulic and transportation projects across Latin America

RELEVANT SKILLS 

 Microsoft Office Suite, Tableau, R, 2R-soft, Weka, Visual Basic, Matlab, Python, PostgreSQL, MySQL, ArcGis, QGIS, RMS, RN-COL.
 Languages: Native Spanish speaker; fluent in English

