Joshua David Graves

975 SW 15th St, Apt 203

Corvallis, OR 97333

(419) 912-4668

j.dav.graves@gmail.com or gravesjo@onid.orst.edu

OBJECTIVE

A position in the ﬁeld of nuclear or mechanical engineering with special interests
in system thermal response, scaling analysis, thermal hydraulics and computational
methods.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science, Nuclear Engineering
University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN, August 2006-July 2010
3.37 GPA

Master of Science, Nuclear Engineering
Oregon State University, Corvallis, OR, September 2010-December 2012
Thesis: Top-Down Scaling Analysis of the Integral Reactor Vessel Test Facility

COMPUTER
SKILLS

Languages & Software: FORTRAN, Python, MCNP, CASMO, Simulate, MatLab,
Simulink, HTML5, CSS, SCALE Suite, STAR-CCM+
Operating Systems: Microsoft, Linux.

LANGUAGE
SKILLS

EXPERIENCE

Languages: French: Written and spoken proﬁciently.

Research Assistant
Oregon State University, Nuclear Engineering Department, Corvallis, OR

Fall 2010- Fall 2012
• Developed all communications between research team and sponsor. This in-
cluded oral participation via teleconference, written communication through
technical and status reports, and gave presentations.
• Researched scaling for integral heat transfer systems and its applications to a
• Developed grant proposals for the pursuit of further research from national
• Assisted undergraduate students, including the teaching of several classes.

liquid sodium fast reactor system.

organizations.

Research Intern
Summer 2012
Oak Ridge National Laboratories, Global Nuclear Safety Technologies Division, Oak
Ridge, TN
• Performed and conducted research under the supervision of Dr. Alex Enders
to advance and inform nuclear non-proliferation eﬀorts for the Second Line of
Defense program.
• Collected, organized and analyzed experimental data achieved during experi-
• Procured necessary materials to conduct experiments.

mentation.

Research Intern
Summers 2009, 2010
Oak Ridge National Laboratories, Global Nuclear Safety Technologies Division, Oak
Ridge, TN
• Conducted research under the supervision of Dr. Jake Livesay to characterize

nuclear detection eﬀects of meteorological events.

