AHMAD MOHAMMAD 

707 SW 10th St. #214  ~  Corvallis, OR 97333 

mohammaa@onid.orst.edu 

Phone: 541-250-2625 
 

 

 

Q U A L I F I C A T I O N S 

 
Accomplished and motivated undergraduate student with an excellent academic record and a pending B.Sc in 
Nuclear  Engineering;  eager to  gain  an  engineering  experience  in  the  energy  field;  Selected  for  the  coveted 
Brookhaven  Research  Lab  internship  and  an  internship with  the  U.S. Department  of  Energy.  Demonstrated 
ability to lead both students and projects through roles as a Peer Leader and Student Ambassador; excellent 
communication and public relations skills. Fluent in Arabic and English. Willing to travel and/or relocate.  
 

E D U C A T I O N  

 
OREGON STATE UNIVERSITY, Corvallis, OR 
Bachelor of Science in Nuclear Engineering – Minor in Mathematics (GPA 3.51), Expected 6/2013 
•  Received the “Arab Chemistry Olympiad Outstanding Student Award”, Kuwait Foundation for the 

Advancement of Sciences, (2012). 

•  Awarded a Merit Scholarship from the Ministry of Higher Education of Kuwait.  
•  Curriculum includes: Thermal Hydraulics, Neutronic Analysis, Heat Transfer, Fluid Dynamics, 

Nuclear Rules and Regulations, Nuclear and Radiation Health Physics, Radiation Protection, 
Introduction to Thermal Fluid Sciences, thermodynamic, Statics, Dynamics, Material Sciences and 
General Physics/Chemistry. 

I N T E R N S H I P /V O L U N T E E R  E X P E R I E N C E  

 
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY (DOE), Corvallis, Oregon 
Energy Student Ambassador 
•  Conduct information sessions and presentations in conjunction with the respective Career Services 

 

departments at the 3 largest universities in Oregon (Oregon State, University of Oregon and Portland 
State); selected as only one of 7 ambassadors from a pool of 57+ candidates.   

•  Coordinated efforts with the Oregon State campus Career Services to establish an office space for students 

2012 - Present 

to gain information regarding DOE careers. 

•  Collaborated with the student chapter of the Sustainable Energy Initiative to bring a DOE agency 

representative to campus to discuss career and internship opportunities; 100+ students attended the event.  
6/2012 – 8/2012 

 
BROOKHAVEN NATIONAL LABORATORY, Upton, NY 
Undergraduate Research Intern 
•  Chosen from the top 20% of candidates for a highly competitive internship contributing to research on the 

 

triple Nobel Prize winning national synchrotron light source. 

•  Performed extensive research of written documentation on various X-ray detectors; spent countless hours 

training on laboratory equipment and executing experiments.  

•  Achieved the desired research results and communicated them through a poster and presentation for a 

public audience at the laboratory.  

 

 
OREGON STATE UNIVERSITY, Corvallis, OR 
U-Engage Peer Leader 
•  Promoted successful transitions for new students by leading orientations and tours; delivered introductory 

4/2012 – 12/2012 

courses on student life, time-managment and campus resources in conjunction with faculty members. 

•   Represented OSU with a positive attitude, enthusiasm, and professionalism; created an open door concept 

for freshman students needing assistance. 
 

 

HABITAT FOR HUMANITY, Corvallis, Oregon 
Volunteer 
•  Painted, transported materials and completed other construction related activities; collected donations.  
 
HEARTLAND HUMANE SOCIETY, Corvallis, OR 
Volunteer 
•  Advocated for animal rights by assisting with fundraisers and recruiting drives; provided food for the 

 

4/2012 – 6/2012 

2012 - Present 

shelter animals and cleaned their living areas. 

