resume book

class of 2014

The resumes included in this book are for the students currently enrolled in the Supply Chain 
Management  (SCM)  Program,  a  graduate  level  program  administered  by  the  Center  for 
Transportation & Logistics at the Massachusetts Institute for Technology.  Although the program 
is designed for early-career supply chain professionals, the 38 students represented in this book 
hail  from  a  variety  of  backgrounds  and  countries,  including  students  with  experience  in  fields 
such as finance, information, technology, management, marketing and sales. Regardless of their 
backgrounds, all students receive a world-class supply chain management education and also 
complete a thesis-level project with sponsoring companies. 

The SCM program is a ten-month master’s level program where students graduate with a Master 
of Engineering in Logistics from the top program in the field. The program prepares students for 
a  supply  chain  management  career  in  various  industries,  including  consulting,  manufacturing, 
distribution, retail, software, and services. Founded in 1998 by the MIT Center for Transportation & 
Logistics, the SCM program improves its students’ proficiency in both problem solving and change 
leadership.

I  invite  you  to  review  these  resumes  and  contact  me  or  the  students  directly  if  you  have  any 
questions or would like to speak to them further. 

Without further ado, allow me to introduce the MIT Supply Chain Management Class of 2014.

Thank you,

Allison Sturchio
SCM Recruiting & Career Development Administrator
+1 617.253.5055
sturchio@mit.edu 

Adiraju, Kishore
Baldwin, Alex
Bhasin, Varun
Bodla, Raheel
Chee, Arthur
Cope, Alexander
Ghersa, Ricardo
Gilligan, Brad
Gomez Vidrios, Juan Carlos
Graham, ChelseY
Haley, Tyler
Huang, Christine
Israel, Gregory
Jalwan, Hala
Jin, Huiping
Lee, Sandy
Leopando, P. Jeffrey
Liu, JERRY
Lu, Rainy
Nasseri, Hossein
Ninan, RanjanA
Nisar, Hiral
Pan, Xiaodan
Panditrao, Amit
Primavera, Daniele
Rocca, Kyle
Rosenzweig, Joshua
Sarmadi, Alireza
Shi, Hang
Shin, JaE-SUNG
Sun, Benny
Veloso de Aguiar, Guilherme
Wang, Christopher
Woolard, Mark
Xia, David
Xu, xia
Yin, Bungee
Yuan, Liqing

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38

143 Albany Street, Apt. 136A, Cambridge MA – 02139   •   (857)-253-8895   •   kadiraju@mit.edu 

KISHORE ADIRAJU
KISHORE ADIRAJU    
KISHORE ADIRAJU
KISHORE ADIRAJU

EDUCATION 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) 
 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program 

 

 

MIP Politecnico di Milano 
 
Master of Business Administration   
Recipient of tuition scholarship, awarded to the top two candidates of program 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS) 
Bachelor of Engineering (Honors), Mechanical Engineering 

 

 
 

 
 

EXPERIENCE 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

         Cambridge, MA     
 

 2013 – 2014 

 
 

 
 

  Milan, Italy  
 2013 – 2014 

 Pilani, India 
 1999 – 2003 

Intergraph (a leading Geospatial software provider)   
Software Consultant and Senior Software Analyst 
•  Led and collaborated with diverse, global teams in projects aimed at simplifying ship production planning process. 
•  Played a key role in establishing SmartMarine3D’s Production Planning as robust and user-friendly software. 
•  Directed a team of 5 engineers in adopting a new project management process; improved productivity of the 

 
                

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

        Hyderabad, India  
 2006 – 2013 
 

team by 30%. 

•  Received 8 awards for exemplary performance in teamwork, innovation and commitment. 
Shin Kurushima Dockyard (SKDY), Japan 

                               
− Advised product manager in improving an abandoned product feature worth $25K; inspired SKDY and 

 

 

 

 

 

other customers to reuse the feature. 

Samsung Heavy Industries (SHI), South Korea 

 

 

 

                

  

− Proposed an innovative design for a distinguishing product feature; eased product maintenance and 

won appreciations from the product development community. 

China Ocean Shipping Company (COSCO)   

 
− Provided prompt support to simplify ship design process during pilot study of SmartMarine3D; 

 

 

 

 

 

helped win a multi-million dollar contract. 

Keppel Fels, Singapore 

 
− Reengineered an important product feature that simplified ship production planning resulting in 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

contract renewal. 

 

 

 

Odense Steel Shipyard (OSS), Denmark 

 
− Collaborated with a cross-functional team of engineers to resolve key issues; made vital enhancements 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

to product, and reduced defects by 40%. 

 2010 – 2013  

             2012 

             2009 

             2008 

             2007 

Rane Engine Valves Limited  
Senior Engineer and Graduate Engineer Trainee 
• 
•  Coordinated the set-up of an exclusive manufacturing cell for the first export contract to the plant; oversaw 

Implemented a new production strategy and doubled the rate of production in a manufacturing cell. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

        Hyderabad, India  
 2004 – 2005 
 

the commissioning of several new machines. 

•  Led a team of 20 workmen to implement quality improvement initiatives in a manufacturing cell; reduced costs 

•  Mentored 25 workmen and motivated them to learn operation of multiple machines; increased productivity 

by $20K per month.  

by 600 man-hours per month. 

CERTIFICATIONS 

American Production and Inventory Control Society (APICS)                                          
Certified in Production and Inventory Management (CPIM) 

 

 

             2012 

ADDITIONAL 
•  Proficient in Microsoft SQL Server, Visual Studio and Office. 
•  Blogger for MIP on Financial Times MBA Blog. 
•  Telugu (Native), Hindi (Fluent), English (Fluent), Italian (Basic). 
•  Photography, travel, bird-watching and painting. 

1

Alex Baldwin

53 Phillips St, Boston MA 02114
alexander.l.baldwin@gmail.com 
(206) 601-5953

Summary
Experienced, capable professional seeking a leadership opportunity in technology and industry
•  5 years experience implementing manufacturing production systems for Boeing 787 Dreamliner assembly
•  M.Eng Logistics from MIT’s Supply Chain Management program – expected graduation in June 2014
•  Demonstrated ability to lead people and projects in engineering, manufacturing, supply chain and IT

Education
Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Cambridge, MA
•  M. Eng Logistics, Supply Chain Management program - studies in optimization and leadership
•  Additional studies in large-scale systems engineering, management, finance, and strategy

University of Oregon - Eugene, OR 
•  B.S. Economics w/Honors – Thesis: “Budgeting for Oregon Opportunity Grant Allocation…”
•  B.S. Political Science – focus on game theory, rational choice, and strategic decisions

Experience
The Boeing Company, 787 Industrial Engineering - Everett, WA
•  Managed 787 Dreamliner rate planning sub-projects for rate increase from 2/month to 7/month
•  Led shop floor control system improvement team, reducing non-value added assembly time by 25%
•  Conducted rate capability studies used by enterprise leadership to plan 3 program master schedules
•  Constructed detailed shop floor schedules and resource plans for 5 major assembly and test shops
•  Led project team that deployed a visual business intelligence suite for factory performance metrics

2014

2008

2013•
2008

Certifications, Skills and Interests
Professional
•  Master’s Certificate in Project Management
Research Interests
•  Visual analytics and controls for data-driven business
•  Large-scale systems integration and management

Technical
•  Microsoft: Excel, Access, Project, SQL Server
•  Adobe CS: Photoshop, InDesign, Dreamweaver
•  Simulation & optimization: ProModel, Frontline
•  Business intelligence: Sharepoint, Cognos, Tableau

2

540 Memorial Drive, Apt 1301, Cambridge, MA ● (201) 519 8338 ● varunb@mit.edu 

VARUN BHASIN 

 

 

EDUCATION 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
Master of Engineering in Logistics (Supply Chain Management Program) 
Relevant Coursework: Operations Strategy, Leadership, Analytical Methods, Microeconomics 
Northern India Engineering College 
Bachelor of Technology in Electronics (Ranked 2nd in Class of 75 Students | GPA 70/100)    
GMAT: 710  
EXPERIENCE 
Cognizant Technology Solutions, Teaneck, NJ 
Sr. Associate (Retail Consulting Division) 
 

                           

 

 

 

 

 

   Cambridge, MA 
2013-2014

            Lucknow, India 
2001-2005

 

Jan 2012 - Aug 2013

 

 

Led business process design workshop to create physical and system prototypes for post-merger supply chain integration 
of two tire retailers for projected cost savings of 25% by re-engineering business process; managed $8M budget. 

  Collaborated with CIO of TBC Corp to develop IT strategy and system roadmap for the implementation of organizational, 

process and technology changes. Resulted in winning further business opportunities worth US $12M 

  Designed and implemented procurement and distribution processes for Ann Taylor`s expansion into Canada. Collaborated 

with globally dispersed technical teams to implement system changes to launch 5 Ann Canada stores in 8 months 

 

  Published an internal white paper titled “Making Supply Chains Green by adopting SAP Best Practices” 
Ciber, New Zealand (New Zealand`s leading Retail & Utilities Consulting Co.) 
Consultant 
  Reduced inventory holding by 15% by analyzing complex data sets to design and implement demand forecast models for 

June 2011 - Dec 2011

a $3.8b grocery retailer.  

Farmers Trading Co, New Zealand (New Zealand`s leading fashion retailer) 
Retail Solution Manager (Received Outstanding Achiever Award) 
 

Initiated and managed process improvement projects to adopt industry best practices using SAP ERP. Delivered benefits 
of $35M through margin-focused business processes and led transformation from cost-plus company to lean operation 

  Analyzed large  data sets to design a new DC to store  stock allocation process to  ensuring optimal product availability 

Feb 2009 - Feb 2011

reducing stock outs by 40% and inventory in DC by 8% 

 

SAP, India  
Associate Consultant 
  Conducted  discovery  workshops  at  12  prospective  clients  to  provide  solution  architecture  and  implementation 

Mar 2006 – Jan 2009 

recommendations resulted in winning business opportunities worth US $200M from 8 clients 
Led a team of 7 associates to manage successful delivery of 4 SAP ERP implementation projects  

Studied international best practices to develop a supply chain model for India`s first hypermarket 

 
  Rated among top 1% at SAP India; promoted to lead a project after 2 years against the benchmark of 3-5 years 
Kurt Salmon, India 
Research Analyst 
 
  Performed market research and analytics on customers segments and product mix to launch a coffee chain in India 
 
ENTREPRENURESHIP  
 
  Performed Business Development for an IT outsourcing start-up; resulted in new business of $150k 
 
INTERESTS 
  Demonstrated Leadership Qualities as Founder of students group for incoming SCM class of 2014 at MIT, Secretary of 

Freelance consultant to formulate market strategy to enter into food catering service for event management company  

Launched a discount e-commerce website. Sourced products from Asia; marketed via group buying websites 

July 2005 - Oct 2006 

 

 

 

students organization for technology training during undergrad, Led fundraiser for Tsunami victims in India(2005)  
Strong Academic Record – Ranked Top 100 in National Mathematics Olympiad, Analyzed test performance data of 
Impactor for NASA Mission Deep Impact, Ranked 3rd in National INTEL Science Talent Discovery Fair 

  Volunteer - MIT Global Poverty Initiative, Rugby World Cup 2010  
  Hobbies - Cricket player, avid rugby fan, amateur photographer, passionate kebab chef, adventure traveler 

3

 

 

RAHEEL BODLA, PMP, CPIM 

        bodla@mit.edu  •  1 Amherst Street, Cambridge, MA 02142  •  (617) 637-6273 

 
 

 

Cambridge, MA          
      2013 – 2014          

   Montreal QC, Canada                 
 

      2011 – 2012    

      1995 – 1998          

 

 

Cambridge ON, Canada             
      

      2012 – 2013 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

      Islamabad, Pakistan 
 

International Logistics Fellowship Award • GRE: Quantitative 790/800, Verbal 700/800 • Class Ambassador 
 

EDUCATION 
 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program  
 
McGill University  
 
Masters in Manufacturing Management  
  3M Entrance Scholarship (Top award for best experience & education, 3M paid for tuition) • Class President  
 
National University of Sciences & Technology  
Bachelors in Aerospace Engineering  
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
Rockwell Automation (US Fortune 500 Company, market leader in Industrial Automation) 
 Team Manager Operations & Lean Champion 
      
  Led 53 associates and 15 colleague managers from cross functional areas to increase On Time Delivery by 10% 
  Led cross functional team to develop Value Stream Maps for reducing cycle time by 15% 
  Optimized supply of materials from warehouse to production and improved inventory accuracy from 91% to 95%  
  Designed process for product inspection for live tracking of defects to reduce Defects Per Unit by 15% 
  Eliminated wastes due to motion of product to realize savings of $50,000  
  Led Kaizen event and improved utilization of work space by 30%  
 
Business Management Consultants (Project Management training & consultancy, HQs at Houston TX)           Pakistan 
 Consultant 
                   2007 – 2011 
 
  Developed training modules and trained more than 1000 professionals to achieve PMP certification 
 
Pakistan Air Force, Air Engineering Depot (Facility for overhauling aerospace ground engines)  
 Production & Logistics Control Officer    
  Applied Lean methodology and optimized supply chain processes to reduce lead time by 25% 
  Coordinated cross functional teams of procurement and production & improved inventory turns by 15%  
  Established framework for supplier qualification procedures and consolidated number of suppliers by 30%  
  Monitored $2.5M contract for Taylor Dynamometer project and improved product reliability by 10% 
  Managed  the  program  by  delivering  Ground  Power  Unit  Integration  Project  ($8M),  High  Pressure  Compressors 

Introduced BMC into Pakistan, managed revenue growth by over 200% in 1 year to become market leader  

            Pakistan 
      2004 – 2011 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Overhauling Project ($4.5M) and Clark Dieselization Project ($6M) successfully 30% under budget  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

   

   

                  2002 – 2004 

 
Manager, Aerospace Equipment Engines Overhauling 
  Applied Statistical Process Control tools to improve process efficiency and  increased system throughput by 15% 
 
Operations Engineer, Mirage Flight Lines 
  Managed operations & inspections of 15 Dassault Aviation Mirage aircrafts to ensure availability above 90% 
 
ACHIEVEMENTS & ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
 
Certifications: Six Sigma Black Belt • Certified in Production & Inventory Management • Project Management Professional 
Management Courses, Harvard University: Completed 04 full semester courses with Straight As, 4.0 GPA     
Fulbright Scholarship Award: Selected for Fulbright Award by US Educational Foundation – 1% acceptance rate 
Languages: English (Fluent), French (Intermediate), Hindi, Punjabi & Urdu (Native)  
Extracurricular: Swimming, Travelling & Success Coaching (guiding advisees in their personal & professional success)        

      1999 – 2002  

          

       

 

 

 

4

aklchee@mit.edu   |   1 Amherst Street, Building E40-359, Cambridge, MA 02142   |   (858) 952-1138 

Arthur Chee 

 
EDUCATION 
  
Massachusetts Institute of Technology 

Master of Engineering in Logistics   
Supply Chain Management Program 

University of British Columbia 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

Cambridge, MA 
Jun. 2014 (Expected) 
 

 

 Vancouver, BC 
 

May 2006 

Bachelor of Applied Science in Chemical and Biological Engineering 
Graduated with Distinction (Highest Honor) 
Undergraduate and MacKenzie Swan Memorial Scholar; Dean’s Honor List for all years. 

 
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
Becton Dickinson (BD) 
Senior Quality Engineer, Research & Development 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

Singapore 
Mar. 2012 – Jul. 2013 

•  Led the development of site-level Supplier Management and Procurement processes to integrate 

the strategic management of supply chain with existing product development frameworks. 

•  Attained the General Manager / R&D Excellence Team Award (in Dec. 2012) for overall 

improvement to the region’s R&D quality management system (QMS).  

 
Flextronics International, Medical Division 
Senior Quality Engineer 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

San Diego, CA 
Jun. 2008 – Feb. 2012 

•  Led and supported Lean Kaizen and other product/process enhancement initiatives that improved 

business operations and regulatory compliance workflows to achieve over US$1M cost savings. 

•  Managed the Supplier Corrective Action Requests (SCAR) system; cultivated open and direct 
working relationships with external suppliers to improve problem resolution timelines by 20%. 

•  Assisted client companies with the technical validation of product/specification changes as part of 

materials management.  

•  Executed the internal and supplier audit functions, including the training and certification of 

company staff as qualified program auditors. 

 
DexCom Inc. 
 
Research Associate  

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

San Diego, CA 
Jan. 2007 – Jun. 2008 

•  Contributed to the development of a novel method that increases sensor performance of 

continuous glucose monitors by as much as 90% – team patent application submitted. 

•  Trained and managed the schedules of 5 laboratory staff in accordance with project priorities. 
•  Partnered cross-functional operations team in achieving 100% on-time execution of planned 

clinical trials.   

 
 
ADDITIONAL 
 

•  Member – American Society for Quality (ASQ). 
•  ASQ Certified Quality Engineer (CQE Cert No. 53625). 
•  ASQ Certified Quality Auditor (CQA Cert No. 39566). 
•  ASQ Certified Six Sigma Green Belt (CSSGB Cert No. 4993). 
•  British Standards Institution (BSI) Certified ISO 13485 Lead Auditor. 

5



Alexander Randon
Alexander Randon    CopeCopeCopeCope    
Alexander Randon
Alexander Randon
41 South Russell Street #B  •  Boston, MA 02114 
alexander.r.cope@gmail.com  •  541.990.1109  •  LinkedIn: tinyurl.com/758just 
    
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY    
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

    

 

    

Proven  management  and  technical  leader  of  cross  functional,  globally  distributed,  product  development  and  supply  chain  teams. 
Innovative  and  focused  in  the  thoughtful  design  of  consumer  electronics,  electro-mechanical  systems,  product  realization  and 
sustainability.  Actively  seeking  a  technically  challenging  career  with  a  progressive  company  to  apply  a  diverse  product  design, 
development, and operations background. 
    
UCATION    
EDEDEDEDUCATION
UCATION
UCATION

    

    

 

Cambridge, MA  

 

 

     June 2014 (Expected) 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Masters of Engineering – Operations & Logistics 

Portland State University
Portland State University    
Portland State University
Portland State University
Masters of Science – Mechanical Engineering & Material Science 

    

 

Portland, OR 

 
 

        
 

         December 2013 (Expected) 
 
     GPA: 3.69 / 4.0 

    



Oregon Institute of Technolog
Oregon Institute of Technologyyyy    
Oregon Institute of Technolog
Oregon Institute of Technolog
Bachelor of Science - Mechanical Engineering Technology 
    
PROFESSIONAL    EXPERIENCE
PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE    
PROFESSIONAL
PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE
EXPERIENCE



Klamath Falls, OR                                            
                                                
            June 2006      
            
                                    
                                    
            
      GPA 3.58 / 4.0 
 

       

 

 

 

 

Ready Computing ----    IT Consultancy    
Ready Computing 
Ready Computing 
Ready Computing 
Client Account Manager / Technical Implementation Manager 
 Account management and PMO lead at start-up healthcare software development consultancy.  Grew book of business by over 

        January 2013 – August 2013 

New York, NY 

 

 

200% in 6 month period through excellent technical operations and customer service. 

 Managed the STHL (Southern Tier Health Link) Health Information Organization’s inclusion into the Statewide Health Information 

network for New York (SHIN-NY) through implementation of statewide Health Information Exchange (HIE) services and solutions. 

Care Innovations
Care Innovations    ----    Medical Device D&D 
Care Innovations
Care Innovations
QuietCare™ Product Development Manager 
 Drove  cross  functional  teams  to  design  and  productize  next  generation  QuietCare™  senior  housing  monitoring  system.  
Successfully listed, ramped, and launched Class-2 510K exempt medical device under FDA regulation.  Effectively managed and 
met schedule, scope, and budget while operating in a federally regulated quality management system (FDA CFR820 & QMS). 

 November 2010 – January 2013 

New York, NY 

 

 

 Managed  QuietCare™  product  development  team  of  25+  people  spanning  product  design,  engineering,  quality  (verification  & 

validation), manufacturing, design controls, labeling, and product / medical regulatory. 



Intimate knowledge with ISO 9000, 9001, 13485, CFR820, Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP), Quality Manage System (QMS), NC 
/ CAPA, Risk Management, FMEA, Device Maser Record (DMR), Device History Record (DHR), Design History File (DHF), and other 
product development / business management requirements under CFR820. 

 

Intel Corporation
Intel Corporation 
Intel Corporation
Intel Corporation
Technical Program Manager / Mechanical & Manufacturing Engineer 
 Program  managed  internal  thermal,  mechanical,  and  manufacturing  process  development  efforts  to  facilitate  customer’s 
motherboard  and  system  design  validation  through  joint  experimentation.    Lead  the  CME  (Customer  Manufacturing  Enabling) 
program within Intel for the mission-critical server segment (High-Availability Xeon & Itanium).  Proficient in experimental design. 

      June 2006 – November 2010   

Hillsboro, OR  

 

 

 Designed  and  implemented  development-lifecycle  and  broader  business  processes  for  a  250  person  organization.    Negotiated 
and  drove  VP-level  alignment  with  adjacent organizations resulting  in  the  definition  of  a holistic  business  process  across  a  2500 
person division within Intel’s Technology & Manufacturing Group.  After ratification, led global training to drive alignment. 

IBM Corporation
IBM Corporation - MECOP Internship  
IBM Corporation
IBM Corporation
Process / Manufacturing Engineering Intern
 Supported transition of IBM’s point of sale acquisition: ‘Self Checkout’, from Jacksonville Florida to Rochester Minnesota after the 
company  was  acquired  by  IBM.    Defined  process  flow  and  workstation  balance  based  on  production  constraints  and  strategic 
relationships.  Supported manufacturing ramp and ensured orders shipped to customer’s on-time. 

   March 2005 – September 2005      

Rochester, MN   



 

 



ACADEMIC, 
, AND OTHER NOTABLE ACHIEVEMENTS
VOLUNTEER, AND OTHER NOTABLE AC
ACADEMIC, VOLUNTEER
HIEVEMENTS    
, AND OTHER NOTABLE AC
VOLUNTEER
ACADEMIC, 
ACADEMIC, 
VOLUNTEER
, AND OTHER NOTABLE AC
HIEVEMENTS
HIEVEMENTS
 Selected in 2008 and 2010 to present at IMEC (Intel Manufacturing Excellence Conference) – 3 % acceptance rate. 
 Managed the MECOP Internship Program at Intel and led recruiting / staffing efforts at Portland State University from 2007-2011. 
 Personally raised over $15,000 to support LLS (Leukemia and Lymphoma Society) through Team in Training (TnT) Charity events in 
2011  &  2012.    Successfully  completed  the  ‘NYC  US  Ironman  Championship’  in  August  2012  as  a  member  of  TnT  in  11’49’’!

6

RICARDO GHERSA 

 
         Expected Jun 2014 

70 Pacific Street, Apt 440B, Cambridge, MA 02139 • +1 617 620 3196 • rghersa@mit.edu 

 

 

 
 
EDUCATION 
 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) - Cambridge, MA 
Master of Engineering in Logistics - Supply Chain Management Program 
 
Reims Management School - Reims, FRA   
Master’s Degree, Major in Finance 
Summer Exchange Program at Copenhagen Business School, DK 
 
Catholic University of the Sacred Heart - Milan, ITA  
Bachelor’s Degree in Economics and Business Administration awarded with honours 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 
Hutchison Whampoa - Senior International Auditor - London, UK 
  Participated in process and financial audits at the firm’s retail and ports business units. 
  Performed compliance/ control/ operational checks, wrote issues and action plans, secured buy-in from 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             2006 - Apr 2009 

      Apr 2012 - Jun 2013 

      2003 - 2006 

stakeholders all while supervising junior level auditors. 

  Audited in various sectors: purchasing, sales, stock & fixed assets (ports division); store operations, buying, 

stock management, merchandising (retail division). 

  Assignments by country: UK, Mexico, France, Bahamas, Saudi Arabia, Czech Republic. 
 
Nestle - Senior International Auditor - Vevey, CH  
  Participated in process audits of head offices, factories and distribution centres worldwide. 
  Audited in various sectors: marketing, sales, supply chain, customer service, purchasing, media buying, 

 

 

 

      Apr 2010 - Feb 2012 

human resources, finance, quality, production, engineering. 

  Assignments by country: Switzerland, Italy, France, Spain, Portugal, Netherlands, UK, Poland, Russia, 

Angola, Kenya, USA. 

 

 

 
Arbor Foundation - Intern, Microcredit Operator - Andhra Pradesh, IND 
  Trained loan recipients on best practices on investing and reimbursing credits granted. 
  Book-keeping and consolidation of daily and monthly transactions. 
  Played an active role in different kinds of women empowerment meetings. 
 
Ernst & Young - Intern, External Auditor - Paris, FRA 
  Analysed accounts of energy companies (Total, Gaz de France) and French SME. 
  Developed an understanding of working methodology used by auditing firms. 
 
JPMorgan Chase - Intern, Emerging Markets Risk Reporting Team - London, UK      
  Compiled and approved risk reports based on Value At Risk calculation.  
  Managed resolution of VAR issues related to Emerging Markets, including ad hoc investigations. 
 
ADDITIONAL 
 
Certificates: 

 

 

 

 

CIMA - Diploma in Management Accounting  
CIA - Certified Internal Auditor   
 

 

 
 

 
 

  Jul - Sep 2009 

 Jan - Mar 2008 

 Jun - Dec 2007 

           Jan 2013 
           Jan 2012  

 

 

 
Languages:  
 
 
Computer literacy: 
 
 
Nationalities:  

Italian: mother tongue. English: fluent - GMAT (score: 690).  
French: fluent. German: good knowledge - C1 course  

 

 

   

MS Office (Excel, Word, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook), Lotus Notes, Bloomberg 
SAP: good user knowledge of SAP R/3 and Business Warehouse - Visual Basic 

Swiss, Italian, Mexican 

7

BRAD GILLIGAN 

212 Calle De Andalucia, Redondo Beach, CA 90277 - 310.465.6281 - Bradmg@MIT.edu 

 

 

EDUCATION 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 
Masters of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management program 
 GMAT: 770 
 
Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO 
BS, Business Administration (Management) 
 Supply Chain Management and Entrepreneurship Certificates 
 

EXPERIENCE 

 

06/2014 
 
 
 
05/2010 
 

Mattel, Inc., Senior Procurement Analyst, Global Procurement – Logistics, El Segundo, CA 
Managed over $10MM of annual transportation spend; Planned and led sourcing events; Organized and summarized 
complex information in Excel and PowerPoint to present to internal stakeholders; Recommended sourcing strategy to 
executives based on market dynamics and business needs; Aligned objectives of Procurement and Logistics teams 

07/2012 – 07/2013 

 Training and experience negotiating pricing and contract terms for a range of products and services 
 Built and maintained relationships with suppliers to secure capacity in volatile transportation market 
 Developed Excel model that now serves as a standard template to allocate trucking business and forecast costs 

 
Mattel, Inc., Associate Buyer, Global Procurement – Logistics, El Segundo, CA 
Supported Director of Global Procurement – Logistics to manage over $100MM of annual spend 

 Consolidated suppliers and leveraged volume to deliver savings of $300K (6%) on first RFP 
 Led complex projects with up to 30 suppliers and 10 internal stakeholders as well as strict deadlines 

 
Crocs, Inc., Inventory Planning Intern, Niwot, CO 
Worked with members of the inventory planning department to optimize manufacturing and sourcing decisions; 
Analyzed forecasting process to ensure accuracy and sufficient communication between departments 
 Was offered internship after demonstrating supply chain knowledge in upper level business course 
 Mapped forecasting process to improve collaboration and accuracy 

06/2010 – 06/2012 

01/2010 – 06/2010 

 
Hach Company, Practicum Student, Loveland, CO 
Applied knowledge in supplier selection and development to reduce packaging costs and consolidate supplier base; 
Worked with Strategic Sourcing team to request quotes, negotiate terms and prices, and select a supplier 
 Reduced annual packaging materials costs by an estimated 16% through competitive bidding process 
 Set up Kanban card automatic replenishment system for 19 items that were previously ordered manually 

08/2009 – 12/2009 

 
The Vitamin Shoppe, Sales Associate, Fort Collins, CO 
Worked 20-40 hours a week during school; Served customers by locating and providing information on over 20,000 
different products; performed management processes such as scheduling, KPI monitoring, and end-of-day accounting 

03/2008 – 06/2010 

 Built a loyal customer base by demonstrating passion and honesty in all customer interactions 

PROFESSIONAL DESIGNATIONS/CERTIFICATIONS 

California State University Long Beach, Long Beach, CA 
Global Logistics Specialist Professional Designation 
 
Certified Supply Chain Analyst (International Supply Chain Education Alliance) 
 

 

06/2012 
 
05/2010 

 

 

Delta Tau Delta Fraternity: 

  Ritual Chairman, 2010 
  Pledge Educator, 2009 
 

Intramural Chairman, 2007 

LEADERSHIP/CIVIC ENGAGEMENT 

Community Involvement: 

  Adopt-a-School – Tutor, 2010 
  Adopt-a-Highway, 2006-2009 
  Boys and Girls Club, 2007 

 

 AYSO Youth Soccer – 

Volunteer Referee and Coach, 
2002-2006 

8

Juan Carlos Gomez Vidrios 

70 Pacific St No. 580C, Cambridge MA, +1 (617) 784 6291, jgomezvi@mit.edu 

 
Education 

  Massachusetts Institute of Technology,  Cambridge MA                                                                             June 2014  

 

Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program (SCM)                                                                                                              
Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM), Mexico City                            May 2006 
 Bachelor of Science in Mechanical and Industrial Engineering                                                                                                                     

  Hochschule Bremen (University of Applied Sciences of Bremen), Germany                                           2004-2005 

Study abroad program, all lectures approved in German (Maschinenbau) 
 

                  

 

 

 

 

Professional Experience 

MADEPLA S.A. de C.V.  Mexican Manufacturer of PVC Pipe and Fittings                                                               2005 - 2013 
 
        Chief Financial Officer                                                                                                                    January 2011 – July 2013 
  Designed and executed a strategy for sales, cost reduction and inventory policy to maximize cash flow and 
avoid bankruptcy. Fixed costs were reduced by 50%. After two years of red numbers, we could report black 
numbers in the first quarter of 2013. 

  Renegotiated  the  short  term  debt  of  the  company  with  Citigroup,  Santander,  Euler  Hermes,  and  diverse 

  Eliminated the seizure of the company held by the Internal Revenue Service and put the company back in the 

national and international suppliers. 

hands of the shareholders.  

  Provided accurate revaluation of obsolete assets, using them as collateral for the Internal Revenue Service 

reducing capital expenditures for backtaxes payment by 3m USD. 

 

       Chief Strategy Officer                                                                                                                                             2010 – 2011 
Led  team  in  a  project  of  definition  of  the  Value  Chain  of  the  Company  with  a  Business  Consultancy,  we 
developed the mid + long-term strategy of the company.  After the project, the Mexican Bureau of Economic 
and Business Affairs rated our company as a “Gazelle Company”, because of its 21% yearly growth. 
Implemented of a mathematical model for inventory control.  The model enabled more flexible production 
planning and eased restriction of shifts in the plant. We reduced inventory costs in 20%.  

       Manufacturing Projects Manager                                                                                                                       2006 – 2009 

 

  Managed operations and production planning of two manufacturing plants. 
  Gained extensive knowledge of the thermodynamics in the plastics transformation processes. 
  Reduced  the  production  cycle  times  of  all  the  injected  products  in  at  least  30%  through  designing  and 

calculating plastic injection molds and cooling systems. 

  Developed new products using complete mechanical calculations, using Pro-Engineer CAD-CAE Software. 
  Saved 300,000 USD in capital expenditures refurbishing old machinery. The net output of the plant increased 

in 70% with investments lower than 30,000 USD.  

Additional certifications 

Injection Molding Diploma, Krauss Maffei, Queretaro, Mexico                                                                             2009 

 
  Plastics Diploma, Business Plastics Center, Mexico City                                                                                          2006      

Languages 

  Proficient in English, German and Spanish (Native) 

Other Interests  

  Swimming, Piano, Publications: The Economist, Harvard Business Review 

9

249 Hurley Street, Cambridge, MA 02141    (954) 980-7886    cdgraham@mit.edu 

Chelsey Graham 

 

EDUCATION 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 

Masters of Engineering in Logistics, SCM 
 

 

 
                                                               

 

 

                   June 2014 

Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN                                                       

                      December 2009 

Bachelor of Industrial Management/Industrial Engineering   
 

Study Abroad, Hong Kong, China  

 

                                         

 

 

 

 

 

 

Hong Kong University of Science and Technology                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 

 

 

 

 

    Spring 2007                                                                                                                                                                           

 

 

 

EXPERIENCE 
Office Depot, Weston, FL                                                                                                                                 
Manager, Field Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain  
 
  Re-designed distribution center (DC) layouts and developed ROI analyses for DC Leadership 
  Developed simulation of a sorting process in the Crossdock using ProModel, reducing direct labor by $70k/year 
  Created an automated dashboard that enables DC managers to meter flow/manage labor throughout pick module 
  Designed and implemented new productivity standards across all departments within the DC 
  Collaborated with corporate team to root cause furniture damages via data collection and process mapping 

       October 2011 - July 2013 

 

 

 

Office Depot, Corporate Headquarters, Boca Raton, FL      
 
                                   
Manager, Process Engineering, Supply Chain  
                  May 2011 - October 2010 
 
  Created  automated  reporting  tools  for  the  KIVA  system  within  a  northeastern  DC,  which  analyzed  the  gap 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

between actual and promised performance results.   

  Developed a financial forecasting/planning tool for Transportation managers within the Supply Chain network 

Office Depot, Corporate Headquarters, Boca Raton, FL                                                                                                                           
Sr. Analyst, Supply Chain Operations                                                                             February 2010 – May 2010 
 
  Identified an 80% inventory reduction in safety stock to support a strategic decision to open four Direct Import 

warehouses within the US 

  Reduced costs ($100k/year) by eliminating redundancies within the Customer Service network 
  Defined  opportunities  to  reduce  lead  times  within  the  Direct  Imports  segment  of  the  business  via  cross-

functional process maps and fishbone diagrams; aimed at a working capital reduction of 10% 

  Implemented an Access based inventory tracking tool across all DC’s, improving visibility at 3PL warehouses 
  Increased order frequency for high volume product in order to decrease labor variability within the Distribution 

Centers and Crossdocks 

  Updated and created Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s) for newly consolidated DC’s 
  Created Merchandising Finance SOP’s that reduced redundancy in forecasting by utilizing systemic forecasting 

and described how to implement an Open-to-buy process. 
 

ADDITIONAL 
Technical: Microsoft Office Suite, AutoCAD, ProModel, JMP, Minitab, Matlab, C, HTML, SQL, Visual Paradigm 
Other Related Experience: Eli Lilly and Schneider Electric (Manufacturing Engineering Intern) 
Awards: Schneider Electric ‘Intern of the Year’ 
 

10

Tyler Haley 

thaley@mit.edu    ▪    8 Olive Ave. Apt. # 1, Somerville, MA 02143    ▪    (310) 880-8532 

EDUCATION 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology – Cambridge, MA 
Masters of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program 
California Polytechnic State University – San Luis Obispo, CA 
Bachelors of Science, Industrial Engineering 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Northrop Grumman Information Systems – McClellan, CA 
QUALITY ENGINEER – LEVEL IV 
Program/Process Focus: 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 QE Lead for major production program, providing quality management through successful 

completion of three production and five spares contracts  

 Interfaced directly with both prime and government customers, acting as the face of quality 

assurance through general oversight and specific product/data sell-off activities 

 Chaired Material Review Board and Root Cause Analysis teams on product/process defects 

Continuous Process Improvement: 

 Designed and instituted a new “Belt and Suspenders” inspection plan, reducing inspection 

cycle time and the number of inspection escapes (~25% to less than 10%). 

a single process for all and eliminating nearly all process escapes 

 Introduced streamlined customer (prime and government) sell-off inspection process, creating 
 
 

 Developed and implemented First Article Inspection process, leading to numerous process 

and design changes prior to entering production both in-house and within supply chain 

 Collaborated in engineering, training and ongoing support of new shop floor control system to 

manufacturing floor, which aligned all production activities into one system 

Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems – Redondo Beach, CA 
QUALITY ENGINEER – LEVEL II 
Program/Process Focus: 

 

 QE Lead for functional Module Assembly & Test (MAT) lab, creating collaborative quality 

assurance support amongst all inspectors and engineers 

 Managed three “small” production programs & five other major MAT production programs, 

successfully delivering on requirements to several different customers & stakeholders 

Continuous Process Improvement: 

 Devised and released “tailored” quality requirements plan for avionics product lines built 

within space qualified production organization, resulting in higher product yield and overall 
program cost savings 

 Using web intelligence software, maintained and distributed daily/weekly metrics on 

manufacturing processes, leading to reduction on discrepancy reporting aging 

AWARDS / RECOGNITION 

Northrop Grumman Information Systems: 

 Intelligence Division Award for Development/Implementation of First Article Inspection 
 Program Award for ongoing Quality Leadership, specifically through Product Sell-Off 
 Mission Assurance Award for Program Quality Engineering  
 Special Project Award for “Go Live” Development/Implementation/Training/Support 

 

Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems: 

 Award of Excellence for MAT QE Leadership, specifically supporting BSI Audit 
 Space Systems Division Special Award for Program Quality Management  

06/2014 
 
06/2006 
 

05/2010 – 07/2013 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

07/2006 – 04/2010 
 

 
12/2012 
08/2012 
04/2012 
12/2011 
 
10/2009 
07/2009 
 

 

11

WAN-YU (CHRISTINE) HUANG 
Room 824C, 70 Pacific Street, Cambridge, MA 02139 

 +1-626-408-4067  wanyuh@mit.edu 

EDUCATION 
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY                                                          CAMBRIDGE, MA 
  Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program                                                Expected June 2014 
NATIONAL TAIWAN UNIVERSITY                                                                                          TAIPEI, TAIWAN 
College of Management 
Bachelor of Business Administration                                                                                                                June 2008 
•  Class Valedictorian; Cumulative GPA: 3.82/4.0 
•  Received Presidential Awards for outstanding academic performance: Mar. 2006/Nov. 2007/Mar. 2008 
EXPERIENCE 
TRANSCEND INFO CORPORATION                                                                                        TAIPEI, TAIWAN 
  (A leading memory product company whose market share of USB Flash Drive product is top 3 in the world) 
  Purchaser, Strategic Purchasing Department                                                                                July 2012 – July 2013 
•  Managed DRAM and NAND Flash purchasing, accounting for over 70% of total budget 
•  Analyzed DRAM and NAND Flash spot market   

-  Negotiated with vendors to ensure sufficient supply and better pricing; reducing costs by 4.3% 

-  Presented daily purchasing strategy report to CEO directly 
-  Performed assessment of materials supply and recommend the optimal combination at the most competitive price 

COREL TAIWAN CORPORATION                                                                                            TAIPEI, TAIWAN 
Buyer and Asset Management Specialist, Finance Department                                                August 2011 – June 2012                                                                                                                       
•  Managed an annual overhead budget of US $4 million   
•  Significantly improved internal procurement procedure 

-  Fulfilled R&D Department purchasing requests for devices and components in product-development phase 

500,000 transaction lines after project went live 

•  Coordinated ERP system migration project which transferred operation platform from BAAN to SAP 

-  Analyzed business impact, assessed risks, and evaluated system performance, before over 1.5 million transaction 

lines were officially processed through the new platform 

-  Remodeled purchasing operation process to shorten turnaround time from 8 to 5 working days 
-  Negotiated prices with reliable and qualified vendors resulting in 3% cost savings 
HEWLETT-PACKARD INTERNATIONAL PTD.LTD                                                            TAIPEI, TAIWAN 
Procurement Operation Analyst, Global Procurement Service                                            January 2009 – March 2011 
•  Monitored order/shipment processing through electronic data interchange transmission verification and reconciliation 

using ERP system to ensure accurate and smooth shipment data flow 
-  Achieved 98% on-time delivery to end customers by shortening response time for custom clearance procedure   
and solving complex, high-impact supply chain issues under time pressure 

•  Led projects from procurement side to implement new business partners into EDI model 

-  Completed data verification and reconciliation in testing phase resulting in the smooth processing of over   

-  Integrated and connected operation systems leading to shorter transmission time and 25% workforce reduction 

HONORS 
•  Outstanding Performer of the Global Procurement Service Department, HEWLETT-PAKARD                      March 2011 
•  Champion of 6th ATONA Case Competition (The largest case competition in Taiwan)                                        June 2008 
•  Champion of 9th TiC100 Entrepreneurship Competition                                                                                        July 2007 
ACTIVITIES 
•  Acted as Public Relations Director of National Taiwan University Key of Management Camp                          2005-2006 

-  Designed five-day curriculum for 129 high-school students to introduce the concept of management and held   

speaking events by inviting professional managers from different industries 

•  Selected to be one of 30 representatives from NTU for Elite Management Students Summer Camp                    July 2005 

-  Interacted and exchanged views with students from Guanghua School of Management, Peking University 

LANGUAGES & SKILLS 
•  Languages: English (Fluent), Mandarin (Native), and Taiwanese (Native) 
•  Highly proficient in BAAN, SAP, Oracle, Microsoft Office Suite- Excel, Word, PowerPoint 

12

GREGORY ISRAEL

15 Bartlett St. Unit 1 
Charlestown, MA 02129 
949.290.4946 | gisrael@mit.edu  

EDUCATION 
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY | CAMBRIDGE, MA 
Master of Engineering in Logistics | Supply Chain Management program 

  Technical coursework, leadership training and industry engagement 
  President, Class of 2014 
CLARKSON UNIVERSITY | POTSDAM, NY 
B.S. Interdisciplinary Engineering & Management | Global SCM track 

Fachhochschule Steyr: Austrian 6-month study abroad with SCM focus 

  Xerox intern: created a front-end user interface to track domestic inventory 
  GE Supply co-op at GM Powertrain: reduced indirect spend by 5% 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
SMITH & NEPHEW PLC | MEMPHIS, TN 
Logistics Solutions Manager | Advanced Surgical Devices 

06/2014 

12/2005 

02/2010 to 08/2013 

  Executed “Tiger Teams” resulting in a field inventory reduction of $14.6M (13%) in 

implants and $13.1M (7%) in instruments. Constructed actionable analysis of surgery data, 
fostered collaboration with the sales team and facilitated activities in 12 sales districts. 
Implemented a national van delivery service of 50 vans and drivers in 32 cities. Developed 
a compelling business case to improve asset velocity and sales rep productivity by 15%.  

 

  Designed a key performance indicator (KPI) combining asset utilization and sales rep 

performance. Persuaded leadership to leverage the KPI, leading to a 89% improvement. 

  Created an FDA regulatory roadmap: identifying incremental costs, redesigning processes 

(near-ISO standardization) and creating OSHA standards for 40+ field offices. 

  Overhauled 30+ reports improving transparency and integrity of our operations. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ACCENTURE LTD | BOSTON, MA 
Senior Consultant | Management Consulting | Supply Chain Management 

04/2006 to 02/2010 

  $4B Med Devices client: Led a 4-person on/off-shore network modeling team identifying 
$3.4M overhead and 18.5% inventory savings by centralizing 32 field offices into 9 hubs.  

  $21B Pharma client: Coordinated thirty staff and fifteen deliverables supporting 

warehouse re-design, WMS implementation, regulatory compliance and ERP integration. 

  $5B Biotech client: Drove the re-engineering of global packaging and distribution 
operations for a regulatory compliance project via process and systems re-design. 

  $30B Pharma client: Developed a cost-neutral business case for an otherwise costly 

government-mandated track and trace requirement. 

  $75B Logistics Services client: Supported the go-live of a Yard Management System at 

the client’s largest facility. Trained 300+ staff and improved yard efficiency by ~30%. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

COMMUNITY | OTHER 
  APICS Certified Supply Chain Professional (CSCP) 
  Advanced in Excel (Linear programming, regression, simulation), Access, SQL Server  
  Volunteered 10 consecutive years at Camp Good Days—a non-profit summer camp in 

upstate NY; mentoring, counseling and enjoying life with terminally ill children. 

  Boys & Girls Club of Charlestown, MA; mentoring & tutoring inner-city youth (ages 10-13) 

13

HALA JALWAN 

224 Albany St, Cambridge, MA 02139 • hjalwan@mit.edu • +1 617 417 8250 

EDUCATION 
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (M.I.T.) 

Master’s of Engineering in Supply Chain Management – GPA: 5.0 / 5.0 

      Cambridge, MA 
 Jun.2014 (Expected) 

  Thesis Project in collaboration with a leading consumer’s good company: Create a dual supply chain strategy 

for new product development by using 3D printing technology 

 
AMERICAN UNIVERSITY OF BEIRUT (A.U.B.) 

Bachelor in Civil and Environmental Engineering (with honors) – GPA: 3.7 / 4.0 
Minor in Engineering Management 

 Beirut, Lebanon 
  Jun.2012 

  Published an exploratory study on flexible planning systems, that was shortlisted and presented at the 20th 

Conference of the International group of Lean Construction in San Diego 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
BUTEC - New Doha International Airport Project 

Contract Administrator 

 Doha, Qatar 
  Sep.2012 - Jun.2013  
Investigated claims worth $ 5 M, assessed their impact on the project’s cost by coordinating with the cost 
control team, and prepared contractual reports to close 30% of outstanding claims and change orders 

 

  Presented and explained my findings to consultants and clients during weekly claim meetings 
  Analyzed and mitigated risks by recommending the optimal approach to resolve site issues which avoided 

two major quality problems 

Quality Assurance Engineer 

  

  Collaborated with the quality team to decrease non-conformance reports by 20%, through the evaluation 

of audit findings and the implementation of corrective actions to meet quality standards 

  Ensured the availability and the quality of safety stocks by inspecting supplier’s warehouses and reducing 

the number of defective items by 15% 

 
BECHTEL CORPORATION - Crossrail (Europe’s Largest Construction Project) 

Construction Manager Intern 

London, UK 
 Jul.2011 - Sep.2011  

  Proposed and developed an innovative rainwater harvesting scheme that won the first price for 

Crossrail’s Green Line Environmental Innovation Award 2011. The system has been implemented on the 
37 stations of the Crossrail railway as an environmental best practice 

  Coordinated the on-time completion of the deep excavation checklist by compiling the necessary 

documentation through liaison with the different stakeholders    

 
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE 
LEBANESE RED CROSS – First aid team (Volunteering) 

Emergency Medical Technician  

Beirut, Lebanon 
Nov.2009 - Oct.2012 

  Led first aid teams of 4 to 15 people throughout paramedical emergency operations on weekly shifts 
  Trained a group of 30 paramedics to the international practices of the emergency medical services  

 

SKILLS 
 Particularly interested in Supply and Demand Planning, Systems Optimization, Supply Chain Finance 
 Advanced skills in Microsoft Office, StatTools, @Risk, SQL, Vensim, Tableau, Visual Paradigm, Visual Studio 
 Fluent in English, French and Arabic 

14

Apt#514, 70 Pacific Street, Cambridge, MA, 02139     

Huiping Jin 

216-526-7615(Cell Phone) 

hpjin@mit.edu 

 

Education 
 
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY                                                                Cambridge, MA 

  Master of Engineering in Logistics                                                                                       Expected in June 2014                   

 
CASE WESTERN RESERVE UNIVERSITY                                                                                   Cleveland, OH 

  Master of Finance                                                                                                                           July 2013 

 
TONGJI UNIVERSITY                                                                                                                       Shanghai, China  

International MBA                                                                                                                          July  2012 

 

 

 

UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, BEIJING                                                      Beijing, China   

  Managerial Science and Engineering                                                                                             July 2001 

 
 Professional Experience 
Daktronics Inc  
Logistics Manager                                                                                                                                       2008-2013 

Shanghai, China 

  Managed overall supply chain operations in Asia Pacific region. 
  Designed  and  implemented  the  reverse  logistics  network  model  for  repair  and 

remanufacturing operations. 

  Led supply chain risk management in Asia Pacific region 
  Redesigned the import and export process and customs compliance management, which 
helped to achieve a 30% down on duty cost and significantly improved the transition 
lead time. 

  Successfully  set  up  the  international  repair  center  in  Shanghai,  which  was  first  ever 

permitted by Shanghai Customs. 

  Set up lean inventory management process. 

 
C&D Technologies, Inc 
Purchasing & Logistics Manager                                                                                                               2005-2007 

Shanghai, China 

  Designed and implemented products recycling program, which contributed an annual 

 Import & Export Manager                                                                                                                         2003-2005 

saving of $500,000 dollars. 

  Designed the material value stream for company’s new facility in Feng Xian 
 

Initiated the new purchasing policy for physical hedging against lead price, which 
helped to diversify the pricing risk and lock in profit. 

  Hired and trained 3 supervisors and 30 full time employees 

  Redesigned bonded processing business model, reducing the duty cost by 12%. 
  Led the compliance management program that helped to upgrade company’s 

supervision level from C class to B class. 

  Reduced freight cost by 15% by optimizing shipping routes. 
 

method. 

efficiency. 

  Standardized international shipping packing methods which greatly improved shipping 

Additional 
Professional:            Passed the three-level CFA program, eligible for CFA charter holder designation. 
                                  China Logistics Professional Certificate – Senior Logistician 
Software:                  Matlab, EView, MS SQL, MS Access, Excel analytical package, SAP, Glovia 
Language:                 Chinese (Native), English (Fluent) 

15

Import &Export Specialist                                                                                                                          2001-2003                                                                                  

  Reduced international transportation transit-time through shipping route optimization 

 
 
 

EDUCATION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACTIVITIES/ 
AWARDS 
 
 
 
 

SKILLS 
 

Aug 2007 – May 2011 

Aug 2013 – June 2014 

Chang Hwa Bank, Taipei Head Office, Taiwan:   

Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA: 

The Pennsylvania State University, University Park, PA:   

Capital Gateway Investments, Taipei, Taiwan:   
Research & Marketing Assistant 
 

TZU-HSUEH (Sandy) LEE 
Current Address: 94 Beacon Street Apt 57, Somerville, MA 02143 
Home Phone (Taiwan):+886-4-2627-5387‧Cell Phone (US): (857)253-8949 
Email Address: tzuhlee@mit.edu‧tzuhlee@outlook.com 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program 
Bachelor of Science in Finance, Bachelor of Science in International Studies 
Minors in International Business and French and Francophone Studies 
Nov 2012 – May 2013 
Conducted marketing and sales research and used Morningstar to collect information of current 
market trends and statistics of competitors to support the company’s strategic plans. 
Assisted in analyzing the data collected, presented the information effectively in order to influence 
the company’s marketing decisions, resulting in new mutual fund products. 
Participated in marketing and advertising meetings, brainstormed ideas with the marketing team 
and assisted in organizing marketing events and internal activities. 
International Banking Division and Treasury Division Intern 
Trained in different functions of the Treasury Division such as foreign exchange, stock/bond 
trading and swaps and developed a deeper understanding of managing the bank’s investment 
portfolio. 
Reviewed Letter of Credit and identified various types of deficiencies.  
Demonstrated teamwork and strong interpersonal skills by maintaining good working 
relationships with current employees and supervisors, as documented by Supervisor. 
Conducted English-Chinese translations of business and exporting documents as well as provided 
conversational-based translations in meetings with international customers. 
Managed the payment process in garment exporting from Vietnam to the United States while 
preparing documents for Letter of Credit and successfully reduced the firm’s risks of discrepancy. 
Planned and organized business trips to the US and Japan. Negotiated effectively in meetings and 
established better relationships with key customers by developing strategies that benefit both 
parties. 
Trained with the Sales team and participated in meetings with customers including managers from 
local business and international companies. 
Gained working experiences in a developing country and enhanced awareness of Vietnamese 
business culture and economy.  
Assisted in analyzing customers’ financial statements, interpreting and converting statistics into 
charts and graphs and producing reports for the bank’s decision making. 
Supply Chain Management Program Committee, MIT 
English Tutor& Study Abroad Consulting, Taichung, Taiwan 
Study Abroad Program, IES Abroad, Paris, France 
Teaching Assistant, Chinese Department, Penn State 
Active Member, Taiwanese American Student Association, Penn State 
Language Skills: Chinese, Taiwanese, Intermediate French, and Elementary Japanese 
Computing Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Office, Familiar with Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator 

Shiners Zone Enterprise Co., Ltd., Taichung, Taiwan:   
Finance Assistant 
 

Sep2013 – Present 
Sep 2011 – Nov 2012 
Sep 2010 – Dec 2010 
Jan 2009 – May 2009 

Sep 2007 – May 2010 

Far East National Bank, Ho Chi Minh City Branch, Vietnam:   
Finance Intern 

July 2010 – Aug 2010 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

Aug 2012 – Sep 2012 

Sep 2011 – July 2012 

 

16

P.	  JEFFREY	  LEOPANDO	  

leopando@mit.edu	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  117	  Harvard	  St.	  Apt.	  7,	  Cambridge,	  MA	  02139	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  +1	  (857)	  250-­‐1161	  

	  

Education	  
MASSACHUSETTS	  INSTITUTE	  OF	  TECHNOLOGY	  
Master	  of	  Engineering	  in	  Logistics,	  Supply	  Chain	  Management	  Program,	  GMAT:	  770	  (Q	  50,	  V	  47)	  

(cid:127)   Relevant	  coursework:	  Analytical	  Methods,	  Supply	  Chain	  Leadership,	  Logistics	  Systems,	  Financial	  Accounting	  

	  

HARVARD	  UNIVERSITY	  
Bachelor	  of	  Arts	  in	  Anthropology,	  summa	  cum	  laude,	  overall	  GPA:	  3.94/4.00	  

(cid:127)   Phi	  Beta	  Kappa	  (junior	  election)	  
(cid:127)   Coursework	  towards	  Minor	  in	  Applied	  Mathematics:	  Statistics,	  Computing	  Software,	  Design	  of	  Experiments	  

	  

Work	  Experience	  
HYBRID	  SOCIAL	  SOLUTIONS	  (award-­‐winning	  consumer	  electronics	  start-­‐up,	  rural	  supply	  chain	  pioneer)	  

Cambridge,	  MA	  
06/2014	  

Cambridge,	  MA	  
06/2009	  

Manila,	  Philippines	  
02/2011	  –	  05/2013	  

Business	  Development	  and	  Operations	  Manager	  
(cid:127)   Developed	  and	  drove	  operations	  strategy,	  process	  improvement	  and	  channel	  development	  for	  new	  business	  

initiatives	  in	  rural	  areas,	  contributing	  to	  15%	  revenue	  growth	  and	  35%	  cost	  reduction	  from	  2011	  to	  2012	  
(cid:127)   Oversaw	  sourcing,	  logistics	  procurement,	  and	  marketing	  strategy	  development	  for	  multiple	  product	  lines	  
(cid:127)   Handled	  sales	  and	  managed	  vendors	  for	  Manila-­‐based	  clients	  comprising	  40%	  of	  company-­‐wide	  direct	  client	  base	  
(cid:127)   Coordinated	  sales	  support	  across	  a	  nationwide	  network	  of	  area	  managers	  and	  local	  technicians	  to	  systematize	  order	  

fulfillment	  procedures	  and	  reduce	  average	  repair	  turnaround	  time	  by	  75%	  

(cid:127)   Administered	  an	  urgent	  nationwide	  recall	  of	  600+	  defective	  products,	  defining	  optimal	  recall	  strategy	  and	  messaging,	  

tracking	  returns,	  allocating	  spare	  parts,	  and	  maintaining	  distributor	  and	  customer	  relations	  
Formulated	  business	  plans	  that	  helped	  capture	  US$115k	  in	  equity	  capital	  for	  growth	  acceleration	  

(cid:127)  
(cid:127)   Designed	  and	  implemented	  operations	  training	  and	  capacity	  building	  for	  40+	  microfinance	  partners	  
(cid:127)  
Marketing	  and	  Communications	  Associate	  
(cid:127)   Organized	  briefings	  and	  exhibits	  for	  industry	  leaders	  and	  policymakers,	  including	  the	  President	  of	  the	  Philippines,	  on	  

Supervised	  20+	  associates,	  interns,	  and	  volunteers	  in	  teams	  on	  a	  range	  of	  business	  process	  engineering	  projects	  

08/2010	  –	  02/2011	  

innovative	  business	  models	  and	  operations	  strategies	  for	  last-­‐mile	  rural	  distribution	  	  
Spearheaded	  the	  formulation	  of	  corporate	  mission	  and	  vision,	  as	  well	  as	  new	  marketing	  strategies	  and	  tools	  

(cid:127)  

	  

Manila,	  Philippines	  
10/2010	  –	  09/2011	  

HYSTRA	  (global	  strategy	  consulting	  firm	  with	  offices	  in	  five	  continents)	  

Researcher	  and	  Case	  Writer	  
(cid:127)  

Investigated	  and	  analyzed	  innovative	  practices	  on	  expanding	  access	  to	  clean	  water	  and	  housing	  among	  low-­‐income	  
customers	  totaling	  7M,	  reporting	  directly	  to	  the	  firm’s	  Partners	  (ex-­‐McKinsey	  Directors)	  

	  

CENTRE	  DE	  RESSOURCES	  POUR	  L’ÉMERGENCE	  PARTICIPATIVE	  SOCIALE	  (environmental	  research	  nonprofit)	  

Yoff,	  Senegal	  
Data	  Analyst	  
06/2007	  –	  08/2007	  
(cid:127)   Conducted	  field	  research	  and	  statistical	  analyses	  of	  the	  socioeconomic	  and	  environmental	  impact	  of	  solar	  oven	  use	  in	  

rural	  Senegalese	  households,	  devising	  a	  corrective	  algorithm	  to	  account	  for	  fuel	  substitution	  effects	  

	  

Additional	  Experience	  

(cid:127)  

Fundraising	  volunteer:	  Managed	  public	  and	  media	  relations	  for	  a	  nationwide	  solar	  energy	  awareness	  campaign,	  
helping	  generate	  US$35k	  in	  donations	  and	  US$130k	  in	  media	  value	  through	  print	  and	  TV	  appearances	  over	  three	  
months	  

(cid:127)   High	  school	  teacher:	  Piloted	  a	  new	  curriculum	  at	  a	  Hong	  Kong	  school	  for	  ethnic	  minority	  students,	  designing	  and	  

03/2011	  –	  05/2011	  

implementing	  150+	  hours	  of	  new	  lessons	  and	  increasing	  enrolment	  by	  170%	  

(cid:127)   Organic	  farmer:	  Cultivated	  organic	  vegetables	  at	  a	  center	  for	  sustainable	  living	  in	  Scotland	  

08/2009	  –	  07/2010	  
06/2008	  –	  08/2008	  

	  

ANALYTICAL	  SKILLS:	  Probability,	  Statistics,	  Inference,	  Regression,	  Optimization,	  Simulation,	  Data	  visualization	  
TECHNICAL	  SKILLS:	  Microsoft	  Office	  Suite,	  Statistical	  computing	  (R,	  SAS,	  SPSS),	  UML,	  SQL,	  Geographic	  Information	  Systems	  
LANGUAGES:	  Spanish	  (fluent),	  French	  (proficient),	  Portuguese	  (proficient)	  

17

Jerry Liu 

jerryliu@mit.edu·Tang Hall Room 09E-3, 550 Memorial Drive, Cambridge, MA 02139·(617) 838 8659 

EDUCATION 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, MA                                                                                    June 2014 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management 
Guangdong University of Foreign Studies, School of Management, Guangdong, China                                            June 2012 
Bachelor of Management, Logistics Management (Supply Chain Management) 
Bachelor of Economics, International Economy and Trade (Service Outsourcing) 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Procter & Gamble (China) Sales Co. Ltd, Shenzhen, China                                                                  February 2013 – July 2013 
Salon Professional Key Account Sales Manager 

  Covered 8 key accounts (59 stores), increased monthly sales threefold, and opened 1.5 new accounts per month on average. 
  Designed and executed Joint Business Plan (JBP) and aligned strategic plans with customers to optimize inventory level, etc. 
  Worked with the distributor to improve customer service and customized supportive education based on marketing trend. 

Wal-Mart China, Shenzhen, China                                                                                                  December 2012 – February 2013 
Vendor Inventory Management Specialist 

Improved the efficiency of the supply chain by using Collaborative Planning and Forecast Replenishment (CPFR). 

 
  Cooperated closely with the supplier, Orion, and built the best possible forecast for a given store demand to increase sales. 

Citibank, Guangzhou, China                                                                                                                        May 2012 – August 2012 
Citihunter (Intern) 

  Developed diverse marketing channels, presented and sold company financial services to potential clients and won contracts. 
  Built relationships with 3 other agencies to share mutual consumer pools and created win-win situations. 

Mannings China, Guangzhou, China                                                                                                        February 2012 – May 2012 
Merchandizing and Sourcing Intern 

Integrated and analyzed the sales, inventory and purchasing data to support upper management’s strategic decisions. 
Interfaced with 20 vendors and coordinated the retail chain according to the company policies and marketing strategy. 

 
 
  Provided daily support on sourcing administration and supported or coordinated with associates for internal/external work. 

China Guangzhou American Business Association, Guangzhou, China                                      September 2011 – February 2012 
Logistics Intern 

  Coordinated with 3PL companies to implement a safe and efficient logistic solution and scheduled transportation modes. 
  Evaluated several logistics modes and determined the most cost effective proposal in various phases. 
  Communicated with multiple internal departments to deliver effective service and meet customer satisfaction. 

Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Co.Ltd, Guangzhou, China                                                                            March 2011 – August 2011 
Marketing Research and Analysis Intern 

  Analyzed qualitative data based on150 surveys every month related to market needs, product awareness, usage, etc. 
  Cooperated with team members to perform high-level business analysis of consumer behavior and provide strategic insight. 
  Conducted competitive analyses to identify key competitors and make actionable recommendations. 
LEADERSHIP ACTIVITY 
2010 Guangzhou Asian Games – Guangzhou, China                                                                            May 2010 – December 2010 
Leader of Administrative Volunteers Team 

  Led a team of 13 volunteers to manage daily administration operations and offered support to the superior officer. 

Campus Broadcasting Station – Guangzhou, China                                                                                      June 2009 – June 2010 
Master of the Broadcasting Department 

  Supervised and motivated roughly 50 staff of core department to monitor work quality while recommending improvement. 
  Led organization and successful implementation of staff training, promos campaigns and large-scale campus activities. 
  Participated  in  the  recruitment  and  selection  process  for  all  the  staff  to  determine  their  suitability  for  each  position  and 

compatibility with the existing staff. 

 

18

(703) 624 9868 | kaiyelu@mit.edu | 21 Wendell Street Apt 12 Cambridge MA 02138 

KAIYE LU (RAINY) 

EDUCATION                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Massachusetts Institute of Technology                                                                                                                              Cambridge, MA 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management             
                        Jun 2014 
                          Shanghai, China 
 
Fudan University, School of Business 
 
Bachelor of Management, Management Science   
 
 
                        Jun 2009 

                  
 
             

          
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

GPA 3.6/4.0 (Ranked 3 out of 35) | Academic scholarship in consecutive 4 years 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                  

University of Hong Kong, School of Business                                                                                                            Hong Kong, China 
Exchange Study, General Management | Li&Feng scholoarship                                                                            Sep 2007 – Jan 2008 
EXPERIENCE                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Procter & Gamble Braun   
    Kronberg, Germany 
Project Manager, Global Engineering Oral Care                                                                                                  Mar 2012 – Jul 2013 
Oversaw within 9 months the largest cost saving project in Oral Care, relocating  production from US to China, concerning 
annual volume of 350 million products and savings of $2 million. 
Launched two new product initiatives in North America with strategic partners, concerning capital investment of $15 million.   
Identified and proposed $10 million saving opportunity in a global supply chain strategic plan, approved by Global Supply VP. 
Optimized  product  delivery  process  with  multi-functions,  involving  R&D,  Product  Research,  Quality,  Regulation  and 
Manufacturing, improving efficiency by 30%. 
 

Procter & Gamble 
Project Manager, Asia Engineering Oral Care                                                                                                    Jul 2009 – Feb 2012 

  Shanghai, China 

             

          

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Delivered within 12 months the largest Oral Care project in emerging markets, concerning 42 new production lines across 3 
sites in China, India and Vietnam, supplying annual volume of 300 million products. 
Accomplished  within  3  months  first  transfer  project  in  Oral  Care  from  in-house  to  supplier;  resulting  in  a  smooth  market 
transition. 
Formulated standardization in engineering working process to improve communication among multi-functions during system 
transition. 

Recruiting Leader Engineering Shanghai 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

            Aug 2010 - Dec 2010 

 
 

Established a full scale engineering function recruiting program in Shanghai, with a team of 15. 
Exceeded qualified candidate target by 20%. 

English First Foreign Language Learning Institute (EF)                                                                                                  Shanghai, China 
China Local Oral English Teacher                                                                                                                          Mar 2011 – Feb 2012 

 
 

Ranked 1st among all China Local Teachers from students’ feedback. 
Taught classes of 10 beginner level students. 
 
 

CCG Private Equity                                            
 
Investment Analyst Intern 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

                  Shanghai, China 
    Dec 2008 – Jun 2009 
 

 
 

Conducted due diligence on target companies; analyzed feasibility and profitability of potential investments. 
Built  relationships  with  local  government  departments  and  financial  institutions  to  facilitate  growth  of  collaboration 
opportunities.   

 

          

Continental Tires 
Market Specialist Intern, Market Communication Department       

                  Shanghai, China 
            Sep 2008 – Dec 2008 
Collaborated in a team of 3 in new product launch design; proposed and implemented new scheme and driven sales by 15%. 
Organized the internal sales and improved on-time delivery by 20%. 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS & ADDITIONAL INOFRMATION                                                                                                   
Technical Skills:      C; Simulation Software Arena; Microsoft Office Software, VBA, MATLAB 
Languages: 
Volunteer:   

Chinese - fluent; English - fluent; Cantonese - proficient; German - basic 
Institute for the mentally challenged, Hong Kong; Promotion event for AIDS Prevention, Hong Kong 

 
 

19

     (503) 680-6589                    

HOSSEIN NASSERI 

           70 Pacific St., Cambridge, MA  02142 

                       hnasseri@mit.edu                                 

EDUCATION 
  MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY                                                  Cambridge, MA 
 
Master of Engineering in Logistics and Supply Chain Management                                                           Jun ꞌ14 
STANFORD UNIVERSITY                                                                                                     Stanford, CA  
 
 
Master of Science in Design and Construction Integration | GPA 3.95 / 4.0 
     Jun ꞌ10 

  2nd place in Association of General Contractors’ national competition – Captain 

 
 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, LOS ANGELES                                                      Los Angeles, CA 
Bachelor of Science in Civil and Environmental Engineering | Major GPA 3.8 / 4.0 
   Jun ꞌ08 

  9th place in national Concrete Canoe competition (Over 150 teams) – Project Director 

EXPERIENCE 
 
 
 

STACY AND WITBECK CONSTRUCTION, INC.  
General contractor with $450M revenue specialized in public transportation systems 
 
Lead Engineer   
  Managed five crews and subcontractors in $1.6BN Portland-Milwaukie  

      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

        

              Portland, OR  
        Mar ꞌ12 – Jul ꞌ13 

light rail project; delivered underground systems one month ahead of schedule with 15% savings. 
  Modernized project owner’s approval process by eliminating bureaucratic hurdles through a matrix 

organizational structure and electronic document control; expedited the process by 67% (two weeks). 

  Upgraded to electronic timecards from the manual version and developed Visual Basic scripts to 

generate automated progress reports and real-time updates from the electronic timecards. 
Implemented new safety measures which reduced the injury rate by 33% in six months. 

 

Field Engineer  

              Portland, OR 
  Collaborated with PR team to educate the public about disruptive construction         Mar ꞌ11 – May ꞌ12 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

operations which reduced public complaints by 65% in two months. 

  Suggested design modifications to the project team which resulted in $2.1M cost savings. 

Estimator in Head Quarter office  

 
  Prepared contractual bids for projects in California and Oregon ranging  

 

 

 

 

 

             Alameda, CA 
      Mar ꞌ10 – Mar ꞌ11 

from $30M to $650M; successfully won the largest project in the company’s history. 
Initiated company-wide cloud-based document control which saved $250K annually in paper waste.  

 

 

US GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION (GSA)  
 
Program Manager / Visiting Fellow   

 

 

         Washington, DC            

 

                     Mar ꞌ09 – Oct ꞌ09 

  Directed GSA’s nationwide bid process for construction management and modeling services; 

evaluated over 130 firms and awarded $150M worth of long-term contracts. 

  Analyzed and published case studies on pilot 4D construction projects and developed 4D-modeling 

guidelines to advance GSA’s national program in Visual Design & Construction. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

LEADERSHIP 
 

American Society of Civil Engineers  

  Marketing/Finance Chair for Western Regional Conference: organized annual             Sep ꞌ11 – Jul ꞌ13 

networking event for over 300 attendees, and raised $22,000 through corporate sponsorships. 

Stanford Alumni Association                    

   Portland, OR 
  Board Member: managed group’s online presence. Organized Day of service.             Mar ꞌ11 – Jul ꞌ13 
  Alumni Mentor: Advised undergrad students on career development. Interviewed local applicants. 

 
Interests: Optimization, Linear programming, Classical piano, Soccer (intramural captain in college), Cooking 

   Portland, OR                         

20

ranjana@mit.edu   235 Albany Street, Cambridge, MA 02139 

RANJANA NINAN 

 

 

University 

Education 

Degree 

 (857) 366-2093 
 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA   M.Eng: Logistics and Supply Chain Management 
Mahatma Gandhi University, Kochi, India 

B.Tech: Computer Science and Engineering 

 

Elected as Vice Chairperson of a 1000+ student body 

  Recipient of Dhirubhai Ambani Undergraduate Scholarship for all-round achievement 
 
  Won awards at the National and State-level as a member of the College Quiz Bowl team 
 

Professional Experience 

Year 

Jun 2014 
Aug 2007 

Gulf Extrusion Co. LLC  
Purchase Engineer  
Gulf Extrusions is one of the leading aluminum extrusion and surface treatment companies in the Middle East catering to the 
Industrial, Construction and Automotive sectors and has offices in Europe, UAE, KSA, Qatar, Ethiopia and India 

Dubai, UAE   
Aug 2011 – May 2013 

  Managed 10% of the annual spend, procuring industrial chemicals, gases and packaging material  
  Developed new products and vendors by liaising with suppliers and division heads of Anodizing, Powder 

Responsibilities 

Achievements 

coating and Packaging departments 

  Analyzed markets and pricing to recommend contracts offering the best value 
  Assessed potential delays in material flow and responded with corrective measures to mitigate supply risk 
  Negotiated 50% cost reduction in the license renewal fee of a patented coloring technology 
 
  Developed an alternate supplier for crepe kraft wrapping paper, reducing the lead time by 60% and the 

Implemented a material recovery program for polythene roll cores as a lean initiative 

cost by 20% 

 
 
Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Ltd 
Senior Software Engineer 

Bangalore & Coimbatore, India     

Sep 2007 – May 2011 

 

Led team of three to resolve user-generated tickets related to SAP Role Allocation and User 
Administration 
Implemented change requests on production systems at Robert Bosch South Africa 

 
  Audited 60+ production systems (R/3, APO, BW & CRM) belonging to Bosch’s Automotive Technology 

units in Europe to ensure compliance with internal controls 

  Analyzed database table growth of the production systems in the automotive system landscape to 

identify risk and recommended changes in settings 
Increased customer satisfaction (CSAT) from 91% to 96% in 2 years 
Improved availability of UBK-RM SAP development and quality systems to 99.7%  

 
 
  Achieved 99% accuracy in  security system audits 
 

Set up and moderated the ‘Tech Question Of The Day’ initiative to improve the technical acumen of the 
BASIS team 

Responsibilities 

Achievements 

 

Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Ltd 
Associate Software Engineer 

Stuttgart, Germany 
Mar 2008 – Sep 2008 
Selected as key point of contact to interface between the Enterprise Risk Team and offshore BASIS team, 
within 6 months of joining Bosch 

 

  Generated additional workstream in a Central User Administration project by identifying  four new 

Responsibilities 

 

systems for inclusion 

Interests: Trivia, Travel, Classical dance 

 
  Additional languages known: Malayalam, Hindi, Arabic, German 
 

Programming Languages: C, C++, SQL, Java 

Additional information 

 

21

550 Memorial Drive Apt 16A-3, Cambridge, MA 02139 • (608) 345 6210 • hnisar@mit.edu 

HIRAL NISAR 

 

 

Education 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, MA 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program 
 
University of Mumbai, India 
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science 
 
Professional Experience 
IBM India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore, India 
Senior Consultant                                                                                                                                                     
  Managed a team of 5 to customize the IBM Sterling Multi-Channel Fulfillment Solution (MCFS) for second 
largest home improvement store, helping the client to better manage sourcing and scheduling of products 

                                                      

  Supervised the defect triage team of 7 analysts; performed defect analysis reducing the outstanding defects 

         

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Sep 2011 – July 2013 

                                            June 2014 

      May 2005 

  Collaborated with multifunctional teams for quicker resolution on defects with a 3 day turnaround time  
  Introduced and implemented a new tool for code review, facilitating process improvement and reducing 

by 70% 

rework by half 

  Oversaw training and mentoring of 4 junior technical members, increasing their efficiency and productivity 

 
Deloitte Consulting India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore & Mumbai, India  
Consultant                                           
 
  Led a team of 4 to integrate new technologies in Deloitte’s Integrated Eligibility solution, enabling Deloitte to 

             May 2008 – Aug 2011 
 

     

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

gain a competitive edge over its competitors and win more projects 

  Designed and oversaw a development team to convert MA Government’s School Lunch paper-based 

application into an online system, which reduced the paper work, and increased the efficiency and 
maintenance by 40% 

  Coordinated a quality team developing test models and scripts to assess the eligibility for benefit programs 
  Assisted the sales team in the project bidding process with competitive analysis of requirements, solution 

benchmarking, and customized implementation of the solution, thereby improving sales 

  Conducted impact analysis with the MA Government’s Department of Transitional Assistance and 

subsequently updated the web-service to ensure zero impact on residents 

  Organized technical training to build capability and facilitate technical certification 
  Engaged in talent acquisition initiatives 

 
Infosys Technologies Ltd., Mangalore, India                                                                                   Aug 2005 – Apr 2008 
Software Engineer                                                                                                                                                  
  Designed and developed web based UI portals that allowed Apple and its business partners to track their 

B2B EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) transactions efficiently and trace errors 

  Tested B2B EDI communications between Apple and its business partners using Web-Methods  
  Developed and tested change requests to Apple’s HR application 

 
Awards and Certifications 
  Recipient of the Applause Award at Deloitte for significant contribution to the project 
  Ranked 13th among 100,000 students in the Maharashtra State Merit List in Grade 12                                                                                                                
  Certified in Sun Certified Java Programming (SCJP) in June  

 
Additional 
Technical Skills: Java, J2EE, Web Services, SQL, JSP, Servlets, C, C++, EJBs, RCP, HTML, XML,  
Product Knowledge: IBM Sterling MCFS, Oracle 10g, Web-Methods, Palisade suite   
Computer Skills: MS Windows, Word, Excel, Access, Visio and PowerPoint 
Language: Proficient in English, Hindi and Gujarati 
Volunteer Activities: Taught Self-Defense tricks to young girls, taught candle-making to girls rescued from 
trafficking, painted a school, donated blood, supported scholarships for student education 

22

XIAODAN PAN 

ACADEMIC BACKGROUND 

 

235 Albany Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts, MA 02139| +1-617-7128821 | pan_xiaodan@hotmail.com |panxd@mit.edu 

 

 

 

 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA                                                                             June 2014 (Expected)                            
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program                                              
Awarded International Logistics Fellowship 
Thesis: Boeing 737-Design the Flow into Supply Chain 
 
Queen’s University, Kingston, Canada                                                                                                                             August 2013 
 
Master of Science in Management Science  
Awarded Geoffrey H. Wood Foundation MSc Management Awards                                                        
Thesis: Analyzing Economic and Environmental Impacts of Smart Grid Technology 
 
Dalian Maritime University, Dalian, China                                                                                                                         March 2002 
Master of Engineering in Transportation Planning and Management                                                             
Thesis: Regularity Analysis of Oil Freight Market 
 
Dalian Maritime University, Dalian, China                                                                                                                              July 1999 
Bachelor of Engineering in International Shipping Management 
 
(Current Work Permit: Canada and China) 
 
China Petroleum Materials Corporation, Beijing, China 
Senior Engineer/Executive Assistant of Logistics Dept.  
- 

Developed  “Evaluation  Criteria  of  Global  Logistics  Service  Quality”  corporate  standard  handbook 
which was implemented in China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC) in 2012. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 
   2011-2012 

                                   

                            

 

 

 

 
China National Petroleum Corporation, Beijing, China 
Senior Engineer/Executive Assistant of Import & Export Dept. 
- 

- 

Created “Regulation & Rules of Global Logistics Service Procurement Management” for CNPC which 
was issued and put into use by CNPC in 2010.  
Organized  “CNPC  Global  Logistics  Service  Provider  Admittance”  project  which  integrated  and 
certified 60 of 200 logistic service providers to establish a centralized logistics management system. 
 

China Petroleum Materials Corporation, Beijing, China 
Senior Engineer/Executive Assistant of Logistics Dept.                                                                               
Drafted “Feasibility Study on Strategic Alliance with National Railway Ministry of China”, served as 
- 
the  delegate  from  CNPC  in  the  Railway  Joint  Working  Group;  coordinating  engineering  material 
supply for West East II Gas Pipeline Project and Trans Asia Gas Pipeline Project. 
 
China Petroleum Material & Equipment Freight Corporation, Beijing, China 
Operation Manager/Marketing Manager/Vice-General Manager  
- 

Organized imported and exported engineering material supply on a door-to-door basis for China West 
East Gas Pipeline Project from 2002 to 2005 (1.2 million tons of pipes and 7000 sets of equipment) 
and India Reliance East West Pipeline Project from 2005 to 2007 (0.6 million tons of pipes). 
Developed “Common Logistics Solution to Large-scale Petroleum Projects” handbook and “Standard 
Logistics Service  Contracts  of Various  Transport Modes”  which  are  now  used  as part of operating 
procedure in China Petroleum Materials Corporation. 
 

China Petroleum Material & Equipment (Group) Corporation, Beijing, China 
Engineer/Project Manager of Transportation & Insurance Dept. 
- 

Drafted  “Feasibility  Study  on  the  Joint  Venture  Project  of  CNPC  and  COSCO”  and  served  as  the 
delegate from CNPC in charge of the start-up of the joint venture project.  

- 

         2010-2011 

        2009-2010 

       2004-2009 

       2002-2004 
 

 

- 

- 
 

Dayong Cao, Xiaodan Pan and Xiubin Leng."Comparative Analysis of Water Transport and Railway Transport." Transport 
Standardization, 201, no.7 (July 2009): 46-47. 
Xiodan  Pan  and  Yong  Shi.  “Comparative  Analysis  of  FOB  &  CIF  Trade  Terms  Focusing  on  Large-Scale  Petroleum 
Engineering Projects.” Petroleum & Petrochemical Material Procurement. 16, no.4 (April 2009): 89-91. 

PUBLICATIONS 

23

4F, Mayberry Dr., Westborough, MA 01581. (240) 277-2229   

Amit Panditrao 
amitpanditrao@hotmail.com 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
EDUCATION  
  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 

              

         

Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program                     
 
 

  University of Toledo, OH. MS - Manufacturing Management      
  University of Pune, India. BE - Mechanical Engineering                                

       

      

                  Jun ’14 
 
     Dec ‘00 
                  Aug ‘94  

 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 
Staples (Framingham, MA) 

 Lead – Statistical forecasting and analysis 

      

 

 July ’12 – July ‘13 

  Developed analytics capabilities in a newly set up demand planning group 
  Analyzed Halo/Cannibalization effect using StatTools regression package 
  Built a promotional demand planning tool based on price elasticity concept which cut the promotion 

planning process time by 25% and improved forecast accuracy by 5% 

  Built a statistical forecasting tool that replaced manual forecasting  
  Trained and supported 20 demand planners on new tools and processes 
  Used Llamasoft optimization and simulation modeling to improve stocking decisions and “Trips per 

 

 

Order” metrics. 

Lowes Companies (Mooresville, NC) 

 

Integrated planning and execution project  
Forecast Manager – Projects 

 
      
 
      

 
 

  May ’05 – July ‘12 
  Aug ‘10 – July ‘12 

  Prototyped JDA supply chain solutions with Lowe’s data and provided recommendations for key 

implementation decisions such as sales history periods, forecasting algorithms 

  Cut new product launch time by 1-2 weeks by aligning merchandising and supply chain processes / tools 
  Was handpicked as a “change agent” to drive and socialize the project across the organization 

Demand Planning Analytics 
Forecast Manager – Projects 

inventory reduction 

  Led a newly set up group of 3 direct reports and 10 indirect reports to strengthen analytics capabilities 
  Developed in-house analytics tools to align execution with planning, and saved $10 million through 

  Advised demand and supply planners on best ways to use analytics to make decisions 
  Optimized JDA / INFOREM forecasting system parameters for products with various selling patterns  

                              Jul ‘07 – Aug ‘10 

 

 

      

 

     Jun ‘06 – Jul ‘07 

Supply Chain Planning project 
Sr. Project Forecast Analyst 

savings of $100 million 

Demand Planning 
Forecast Analyst 

  Led implementation of JDA Demand and Fulfillment software. The project benefits include inventory 

  Organized training, rollout, communication, and Go-live activities for 40+ users 
 

                            May ’05 – Jun ‘06 

  Led sales and operations planning process for Paint category with $1 billion in annual sales 
  Managed demand forecast for new and seasonal products in Paint 
 

Manugistics Inc., MD (acquired by JDA) (Rockville, MD)  
Leading Supply Chain Software Company 

                           Feb ’01 – May '05 

 
Supply Chain Consultant 
  Supported demand / supply systems implementation at Cordis, saving $1 million through inventory 

 Feb ’05 – May ‘05 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

balancing 

  Trained other supply chain consultants on a new Inventory optimization product 
 
Sr. Test Engineer / Test Engineer 
  Developed software solutions to address supply chain problems of clients such as GE lighting  
  Trained and led a team of five test engineers at company’s offshore development center in India 
  Supported launching of a new software product ‘Inventory Policy Optimization’ designed to help retailers 

 Feb ’01 – Feb ‘05 

   

 

 

 

 

 

optimize safety stock levels across supply chain  

24

DANIELE PRIMAVERA 

236 Huron Ave, 02138 Cambridge MA - 781 382 8744 – primaver@mit.edu 

 
 

EDUCATION__________________________________________________________________________________ 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology                                                                                  Cambridge, MA 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program                                                  June 2014           
                                                                            
University of Bologna                                                                                                                    Bologna, Italy                                                            
Master of International Relations and Diplomatic Studies                                                                           June 2006           
Focus on International Economics – GPA 4.0 
Domenico Tardini Foundation 5 year Scholarship covering housing and tuition 
 
University of California San Diego                                                                                             San Diego, CA 
“Overseas Programme” scholarship for study abroad                                                                                 June 2004           
 
EXPERIENCE___________________________________________________________________________ 
United Nations World Food Programme - Headquarters                                                            Rome, Italy 
Resource Management and Demand Planning Analyst                                             Aug 2009 – June 2013           
Designed  and  implemented  the  Forward  Purchase  Facility  project:  managed  demand  planning  analysis, 
sale process and food inventory monitoring and optimization model. Created key indicators and analytical 
tools to monitor the global WFP materials and resources flow and utilization. 

Led operational groups through a business process reorganization 

  Reduced WFP upstream supply chain lead-time from 106 days to 31 days 
 
  Managed 300 Million US$ of revolving working capital  
  Developed ex novo an SAP and non-SAP business supply chain process 
 

Invented  and  launched  the  Global  Projects  Balances  dashboard  to  monitor  funds 
utilisation for the entire WFP 4 Billion US$ portfolio 
Lowered data query running time from 200 minutes to 5 minutes.  

 

United Nations World Food Programme - West Africa Regional Bureau                                Dakar, Senegal 
Resource Management Analyst                                                                                       Jan 2009 – Aug 2009        
Managed  West  Africa  portfolio:  provided  resource  management,  budget  and  control  support  and 
guidance to 19 countries 

Implemented budget planning for the 200 Million US$ regional portfolio 

 
  Nominated  by Regional Director  as regional  SAP expert and team leader for the new 

SAP platform for resource management processes 

United Nations World Food Programme – Benin Country Office                                         Cotonou, Benin 
Food Pipeline Officer                                                                                                         Feb 2007 – Jan 2009                        
Managed food pipeline for Benin and Togo operations. Conducted local food market analysis and market 
intelligence research. 

  Optimized food pipeline and resources usage for an annual 3 Million US$ funding level 
  Designed a food price monitoring system to raise 2 Million US$ of funds 

 
TECHNICAL SKILLS______________________________________________________________________ 
Linear Programming, Optimization and Simulation Models, SAP ERP system, Business Object, APO and 
Microsoft Office. 
 
LANGUAGE SKILLS______________________________________________________________________ 
English and French (fluent); Spanish (conversational); Italian (native). 
 
Additional Note: Permanent Resident Status 

25

Kyle A.C. Rocca 

Permanent:  Brentwood, TN 37027  Current: Brookline, MA 02446 

M: +1 (847) 302 7001 (USA)  kyle.rocca@fulbrightmail.org 

 

EDUCATION  
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA  
Masters of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management 
 
University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN  
Bachelor of the Arts, Psychology; Bachelor of Sciences, Biological Sciences 
Glynn Family Honors Program (top 1% of admitted students, 75% retention, Thesis Requirement) 
 
National Outdoor Leadership School, Alaska 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Zurich North America  
Houston, TX - Underwriter  

 

Expected June 2014 

May 2009 

July 2005 

August 2010 - July 2013 

●  Executed relationship management for several key clients, including Fortune-500 and Fortune-1000 company 

CFOs and Risk Managers. 

●  Managed and grew a book of business by 25%, contributing to a group book of $30M in a competitive market. 
●  Conducted risk management and mitigation for international exposures and environmental liabilities. 
●  Nationally recognized within company on multiple occasions for compliant program design, new business 

●  EDGE Fellow: worked dynamically with MM Activ, event secretariat, in preparation for the Emerging Directions 

●  Cooperated in the drafting, authoring, and publishing of the EDGE-NIAS conference paper, covering the 

in Global Education (EDGE) Conference. 

internationalization of higher education. 

●  Developed cell biology research proposal to study the neurocognitive impact of a rare HIV isolate. 
●  Created scheme for integrating a fluorescent marker protein in a latent HIV cell population. 

 
PUBLICATIONS & PRESENTATIONS 
Rocca KA, Gray EM, Constantini C, Besanksy NJ. 2La chromosomal inversion enhances thermal tolerance of Anopheles 

Gray EM, Rocca KA, Constantini C, Besansky NJ. Inversion 2La is associated with enhanced desiccation resistance in 

gambiae larvae. Malar J. 2009; 8: 147. 

Anopheles gambiae. Malar J. 2009; 8: 215.	  

 
HONORS & AWARDS 
Zurich: Bronze Award: April 2010, July 2013, Navigate to Yes – 4 Awards, Spot Awards – 2 Awards, 
National Science Foundation – Graduate Research Fellowship, Fulbright-Nehru Student Research Fellow,  
Notre Dame Scholar, Glynn Family Scholar 
 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Languages: French (Intermediate/Advanced), Spanish (Basic), Latin (Basic) 
Computer: Mac and Windows OS, Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Suite, SPSS, SQL, HTML 
Interests: Traveling, Volunteering, Watching College Sports 

26

successes, and cross-sell achievements. 
 

PRTM Management Consulting  
Bangalore, India  - Associate Intern 

 

Fulbright Nehru Scholar 
Bangalore, India 

●  Led an Indian market assessment for leading food safety product manufacturer where client fully adopted 

recommended strategy for growth through attacking key market segments. 

●  Provided data analysis for the optimization of structural inefficiencies in a 1,200-person company. 
●  Advised local office on cross-cultural integration, drawing on insights from Indo-US experiences. 

March - May 2010 

August 2009 - May 2010 

  

 

Joshua Rosenzweig 

550 Memorial Drive ▪ Apartment 3A1▪ Cambridge, MA ▪ joshuamrosenzweig@gmail.com ▪ 860-989-3810 

 

 

 

 

  

    

          

                                        December 2012  

 
EDUCATION 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology / Cambridge, MA                                                                     Expected June 2014 
Masters of Engineering in Logistics                                                                           
Supply Chain Management Program 
 
Chaminade University / Honolulu, HI   
Masters of Arts in Teaching 
 
University of Connecticut / Storrs, CT   
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering, Magna Cum Laude 
Minors in Mathematics and Business Administration  
Honors Program  
 
EXPERIENCE 
Amazon Logistics Thesis Project / MIT / Cambridge, MA                                                          September 2013 – Present 
  Optimizing transportation flow from distribution center to end consumer 
  Developing analytical model to decrease transportation cost in operational regions within specific carrier constraints 
 
Waianae High School / Teach For America / Waianae, HI  
Mathematics & Science Teacher  
  Led instruction of Geometry, Algebra II, and Biology courses to a total of 273 low income students 
 
  Collaborated with coworkers to implement classroom strategies driven by student data and increased writing scores of 

Inspired student motivation and growth through relationship building, long-term planning, and goal setting 

                                                              May 2011 

                          August 2011– July 2013 

students at Waianae from 2.3 to 2.8 on a common rubric 
Incorporated new common core curriculum to Geometry students with a focus on literacy 

 
 
University of Connecticut / Quantitative Learning Center / Storrs, CT                                        August 2009– May 2011 
Physics/Calculus Tutor              
  Shared my knowledge and skill of Calculus I, Calculus II, Physics and basic engineering courses with 1st and 2nd year 

              

  Provided a safe environment for struggling students to understand their weekly classroom instruction by offering 

undergraduate students 

tiered instruction and positivity 

 
Associated Spring / Barnes Group / Bristol, CT                                         
Lean Intern 
  Maximized system efficiency in precision valves production line through data collection and analysis of current plant 

                          May 2010–August 2010 

processes in the metal parts finishing area 

  Participated in a week long information gathering event to obtain valuable insights on the inner workings of the 

automotive parts manufacturing plant 
Implemented changes to production systems focused on creating a lean and efficient environment  

 
 
ACTIVITIES & AWARDS 
 
International Logistics Fellowship 
 
Amgen fellow / Teach for America  
Home hospital tutor / Waianae, HI  
 
University of Connecticut Undergraduate Student Government / Senator   
Tau Beta Pi engineering honor's society / President  
 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Proficient in MS Excel, MS Access, MATLAB, AutoCAD 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
           

                 2013 
        2011-2013 
                 2012 
        2010-2011 
        2010-2011 

27

134 Northampton St., APT 404, Boston MA 02118 - (949) 231-7540,   asarmadi@mit.edu 

Alireza Sarmadi Rad 

EDUCATION 

 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA                                                                                                                                            06/2014 
Master of Engineering in Logistics - Supply Chain Management Program  
Temple University - Fox School of Business (Japan Campus), Tokyo, Japan                                                                                                    01/2009 
Master of Business Administration - Executive Program 
Azad University - South Tehran Branch, Tehran, Iran                                                                                                                                              02/2005    
Bachelor of Science - Industrial Engineering  
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 

 

 

TÜV Rheinland of North America, Boxborough - MA, USA 
(TÜV Rheinland is a global leader in independent technical testing and assessment services) 
   Operations Manager - Medical Group                                                                                                                                                                         10/2012 - 07/2013 
Responsible for managing four administrative personnel, supervising 11 auditors’ activities & overseeing all audit and test projects       

  Delivered thorough business analysis support to senior management on budgeting, P&L reporting, operations planning & 

performance monitoring of the division (medical group’s average revenue is $750,000 per month)     

  Optimized auditing procedures which reduced project delivery time by 25% and ultimately improved quality of service     
  Redefined operational, financial & sales metrics enabling better performance evaluation & faster business opportunity identification 

 

             04/2011 - 07/2013                             

Account Executive - Brand Risk Management (Supply Chain Security)                                                                                                           04/2011 - 09/2012          
Responsible for providing supply chain security consulting & furthering company’s profitability with a focus on growing key accounts 

 

Provided consultancy and preliminary technical support to customers on company’s two proprietary software in supply chain security 
(Mass Serialization / Track & Trace) which improved customer satisfaction and reduced response time by 15% 

  Developed, improved and managed relationships with key decision makers and influencers in all eight accounts of the department 
 

Supervised and coordinated product management activities and business development projects with colleagues in Germany, Japan & 
India which eventually improved internal communication and increased global team’s productivity by 20%      

New Challenge Group (NCG), Tokyo, Japan 
(New Challenge Group is a trading company) 
Supply Chain Manager                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Responsible for supervising the logistics teams & sourcing of 16,500,000 lbs. per month of pork meat from North America/Europe to Japan 

          10/2009 - 08/2010 

 

Performed a thorough analysis of the company’s suppliers and developed a selection criterion which resulted in shortlisting the 
top four valuable partners within three months. These partners supplied 90% of the total business going forward 

  Negotiated with suppliers and enhanced relationships which improved response time and quality of service by 20% 
 

Prepared daily bids/counters based on demand, estimated delivery time and exchange rate fluctuations which increased the 
company’s procurement from 170 containers per month (average container value: $80,000) to 320 in a four months period 

TÜV Rheinland Japan Ltd., Yokohama, Japan                                                                                                                                          11/2006 - 09/2009 
User Support Group Manager                                                                                                                                                                                         1/2008 - 09/2009 
Responsible for leading and supervising the Helpdesk & Purchasing teams within the IT department 

 

Enhanced the purchasing process by redeveloping & streamlining all the steps and automating the procedure. These efforts 
simplified the submission of purchase requests, reduced internal approval cycle time by 75% & improved delivery time by 40% 

  Reduced equipment cost 27% by centralizing the procurement of monitors, desktops and laptop sets from a sole supplier  
  Analyzed Helpdesk business model & redefined its procedures which increased quality of service & shortened response time by 25%           

Purchasing Coordinator                                                                                                                                                                                                 11/2006 - 12/2007 
Responsible for procuring IT equipment/services for internal use of TÜV Rheinland (yearly procurement value is $2,500,000) 
 
Farassoo International, Tehran, Iran / Dubai, UAE                                                                                                                                      3/2005 – 1/2006           
(Farassoo is a computer peripheral Manufacturer/Importer) 
Purchasing Manager  
Responsible for leading the purchasing team and streamlining the procurement & importing processes 

 
 

Led the purchasing team for the import of $15,000,000 SKD/CKD material & finished products from China & Taiwan 
Controlled the company’s logistics activities and supervised the handling of import documents which improved delivery time by 15% 

 
Pars Mavara’e Bahar, Tehran, Iran 
(Pars Mavara’e Bahar is an Importer/Distributor of Industrial Refrigeration Systems from Spain) 
Purchasing Coordinator - Responsible for purchasing industrial refrigeration systems and managing negotiations with suppliers 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

 

             8/2003 – 2/2005 

Languages: English (Fluent), Spanish(Fluent), Farsi(Native), Japanese(Basic), French(Basic) 

  APICS Certified Supply Chain Professional (CSCP), May 2012 
 
  Member of the Beta Gamma Sigma honorary society based on outstanding performance (MBA’s GPA: 3.94)  
 
  Green Card Holder (US Permanent Resident) 

Software: Microsoft Office, MS Project & Visio, Lotus Notes,  SAP (Modules: Controlling, Finance, Sales/Distribution & CRM) 

28

 

 

 

 

HANG SHI 

HangShi@MIT.edu | (678) 206-9491 | Cambridge, MA | U.S. Citizen 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      08/2013 -06/2014 

     

EDUCATION: 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology:  
(cid:127)  Master of Engineering in Logistics / Supply Chain Management (SCM) 
(cid:127)  Thesis: Analyzing real-time retail data to more accurately forecast demand and design supply chain strategies  
(cid:127)  Relevant Courses: Operational Strategy, Data Analysis Methods, Financial Analysis 
(cid:127)  GMAT: 760 (99th Percentile) 
Georgia Institute of Technology:  
(cid:127)  Bachelors in Electrical Engineering, GPA: 3.88/4.0 (Summa Cum Laude) 
(cid:127)  Certificate in Engineering Entrepreneurship 
EXPERIENCE:  
Envision: Strategic Account Manager / Distribution Manager 
Sold and managed projects ($23M) to multi-billion dollar high-tech clients by establishing trusted advisor status, 
completing deliverables to meet schedule, mitigating risk, and appropriately allocating technical resources 
(cid:127)  Developed long-term comprehensive strategies to penetrate new market-segments to increase sales (13%, $2.7M) 

o  Analyzed revenue potential, strategic fit based on current product offerings, and pricing options 
o  Garnered internal support by providing detailed analysis, structured action plans, and networking strategically 
o  Architected new designs collaboratively with clients’ senior executives, project mangers, and engineers 
and conducted engaging trainings  

(cid:127)  Managed 4 distribution offices with 4 quarters of increased sales, improved team chemistry, set new incentives, 

  

 Atlanta GA, 10/2011- 7/2013 

       08/2000-06/2004 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(cid:127)  Negotiated contracts with new suppliers to add to Envision’s offerings and increase potential revenue (3%) 
Arrow Electronics: Sales Engineer (SE) 
Managed $12M dollar territory, enriched client relationships, and increased revenue (18%, $2.2M) by selling value-
added supply chain services and 3rd party design services in addition to semiconductor products 
(cid:127)  Developed new global revenue tracking system with senior management and special task force that increased sales 

            Atlanta, GA 03/2009- 10/2011 

teams’ profitability up to 50% and uncovered new potential clients that previously could not be globally tracked  
o  Diagnosed root causes of global tracking impediments and proposed multiple complementary solutions 
o  Coordinated collaboration between NA and Asian teams to connect revenue trail 
o  Drove initiative in 3 offices, led by example and used logical persuasion to overcome reluctance to change  

(cid:127)  Mentored SE by setting technical and sales development goals, providing strategic and tactical guidance 
(cid:127)  Managed In-Plant Stores to increase revenue 20% by reducing overhead, nonessential inventory and response time 
Avnet Electronics Marketing: Field Applications Engineer  
            Atlanta, GA 08/2007- 03/2009 
 
Technical leader for Avnet Atlanta to support and drive sales team  
(cid:127)  Analyzed and designed technical products ranging from military to consumer to industrial markets 
(cid:127)  Presented worldwide web-seminar on LED and wireless technologies to over 100 clients company wide 
(cid:127)  Conducted technical trainings to improve sales team “opportunity discovery” metrics over past two years 
Motorola Solutions: Sr. Electrical Engineer   
Electrical design with multi-functional teams: marketing, manufacturing, suppliers and customers 
(cid:127)  Developed 6-Sigma based Monte-Carlo analysis to improve design flexibility and reduce cost by 16% 
(cid:127)  Managed production engineers in Asia by guiding them through final design phase and production preparation  
(cid:127) 
EXTRACURRICULAR / SKILLS  
Activities: 

Initiated and designed predicative discharge profile to improve battery-life accuracy by 28% 

Led over 80 people to become electoral delegates to County, District and State Convention (Georgia) 
MIT SCM Program Committee – Organizing guest speakers and site visits for SCM class 
Teaching self-defense to MIT SCM class  
Excel, Access, SQL, Tableau, MATLAB, Java, C 

 Lawrenceville, GA 06/2004- 08/2007 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Technical: 
Languages:   Chinese (Mandarin) 
Hobbies:   

Muay Thai, Krav Maga, Golf, Mountain Biking, Foosball, Learning History and Global Economics 

29

JAE-SUNG SHIN

1 Amherst Street, E40-276,Cambridge, MA 02142 (cid:127) (617) 821-5242 (cid:127) j_shin@mit.edu

EDUCATION:

                                                            Mar. 2000 – Jun. 2007                                                                                                                                                                       

Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, MA                                                                    Expected Jun. 2014                                                                                                                                                                       
Master of Engineering in Logistics
Korea University, Seoul, Korea                                         
Bachelor of Engineering in Industrial Engineering 
University of California, Davis, CA                                                                                                              Sep. 2005 – Jun. 2006
Study Abroad
EXPERIENCE:
Hyundai Heavy Industries, Ulsan, Korea                                                                                  Jan. 2008 – Jul. 2013
Production Manager, Steel Production Team at Shipbuilding Division
 Oversaw the steel production process for shipbuilding and built up of production schedules.
 Spearheaded $200M sales project to export HHI’s whole shipbuilding processes and know-how to EBX Group, a

shipbuilder in Brazil, the company’s first case to sell knowledge.

 Co-led a 30-member team renovating existing SAP ERP system in a more customized way, increasing the efficiency

by 73%.

Production Manager, Logistics Team at Shipbuilding Division
 Supervised 250+ field workers and managed 40+ business partners for the supply chain of steel parts. 
 Achieved 58 mechanical patents, such as goniometer for press machine, steel ball elevator, and grinding worktable.
 Participated  in  a  task  force  to  analyze global  competitors’  strengths;  presented  technological  improvements  to

executive directors; received the Annual Company-Wide Best Employee Award.

 Launched an integrated logistics system by eliminating manufacturing bottlenecks, saving the company $3.2M.

Sun Microsystems, Seoul, Korea                                                                                              Jul. 2007 – Dec. 2007
System Support Engineer, Finance Division
 Provided technical support to the server and operating system of Kookmin Bank and Samsung Electronics.
 Created and maintained a good working rapport with 20+ subcontractors.
 Developed a $3.4M proposal for consulting Kookmin Bank’s computing system, the second biggest deal in recent 

five years; received Best Energy Employee Award.

U.S. Army, 2nd Infantry Battalion, Seoul, Korea                                                                    Aug. 2002 – Sep. 2004
Sergeant, KATUSA (Korean Augmentation to U.S. Army)
 Excelled in my duties as a computer system administrator; received the Army Commendation Medal.
 Organized Korean Tour for US soldiers’ families, Korean Home Visiting, and US-Korea mini-Olympics.
ADDITIONAL:
 Co-founded  Hindsight, a non-profit  organization  with 11,000+ members,  dedicated  to  teaching  underprivileged

students. (2009 – 2013)

 Co-founded a social group to improve the relationship between foreigners and Koreans in Ulsan and Busan areas, 

the biggest international group in the province with 5,000+ members. (2008 – 2013)

 Internship at Samsung Corporation; received Best Presentation Award. (Dec.2006-Jan.2007)
 Received Excellent Exchange Student Award with GPA of 4.0 at UC Davis.(Jun.2006)
 Founder and President of Environmental Club; led a nationwide environmental campaign. (2004-2007)
 Vice-president of Basketball Club leading the team to champion in college basketball tournament. (2000-2007)

 

30

Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering (Outstanding Student Leader Scholarship)                                                July 2004 

 
EXPERIENCE 
Container Maintenance Corporation                                                                                                                                     
Manager, Key Account and Supply Chain Management                                    Savannah, GA / Jan 2011 – May 2013 
Managed 20 union employees and 6 supervisors; hired and developed engineering team; planned and led sourcing 
events, reducing material lead time by 25%; optimized yard allocation to reduce equipment transportation time by 25%       
  Created sourcing guideline and negotiated strategic contracts with parts suppliers to reduce annual cost by 20% 
  Developed forecast and inventory models to increase forecast accuracy by 60% and eliminate stock-out issue             
  Designed and implemented safety strategy to promote safety culture and reduce incidents by 30% 
  Increased team productivity index from 1.0 to 1.3 by initiating production incentive program   
Managed $60M fleet for three key clients; met and exceeded customer needs on daily basis   
  Developed chassis segmentation model to optimize repair options and saved repair cost by $600K 
  Simplified field inspection process through redesigning operating procedures, decreasing customer labor cost by 75% 
  Analyzed market trend and risks, developed sales strategy, and acquired clients to increase annual revenue by $20M     

 
A.P. Moller – Maersk Group                                                                                                                                                   
Supervisor, Maintenance and Repair                                                                      Savannah, GA / Dec 2008 – Jan 2011 
  Ensured vendors met repair criteria, quality standards, and safety requirements through regular site visits 
  Conducted field research and statistical analyses of roadside repair to reduce annual road service cost by 5% ($300K)                                                                                     
Maersk International Shipping Education (MISE) Trainee                  Copenhagen, Denmark / Jun 2006 – Dec 2008                       
Selected among 85,000+ candidates for the MISE leadership program with three job rotations 
  Created phone interview guideline and redesigned recruitment campaigns to improve hiring rate by 10% 
  Analyzed historic sales data, diagnosed root causes, and conducted customer visits to raise sales by 12%   

XUEWEN (BENNY) SUN 

278 Vassar Street Apt K-3, Cambridge, MA 02139 | 912-401-6896 | bsun@mit.edu 

 
EDUCATION 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology                                                                                                        Cambridge, MA                             

Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program                                            Expected June 2014 
Thesis: Analyzing historic service data to design new KPIs improving GlaxoSmithKline’s stock-out performance         
 
Bachelor of Law in Commercial and Maritime Law (GPA 3.8/4.0, top 5 graduate)    

Dongbei University of Finance and Economics                                                                                              Dalian, China 
                            Dec 2011
 
Huaqiao University                                                                                                                                      Quanzhou, China               

 

 

 
Maersk China Shipping Company                                                                    Guangzhou, China / Jun 2004 – Mar 2007 

Project Manager     
  Aligned Standard Operating Procedures and merged eight teams into one documentation department with new 

management structure; assessed risks and developed mitigation strategy for reorganization 

  Reduced overtime by 45% and documentation processing time by 20%; increased client satisfaction from 3.5 to 4.5/5 
Team Manager (25 subordinates)                       
  Analyzed high employee attrition cause and developed motivation initiatives to reduce turnover from 12.5% to zero 
  Improved vessel release electronic data interchange accuracy rate from 90% to 99% through Data Quality Analysis 
Project Analyst   
  Redesigned Maersk Line intranet website with zero data discrepancy and 30% reduction in schedule 
  Presented new website template to executive board; awarded “Model Sample Website Prize” among 48 global areas 
  Decreased cargo rerouting by 4% and ensured on time delivery through optimizing vessel capacity and connections 
   
HONORS AND SKILLS                                                                                                                                                               

  Founder & CEO of itongcheng.com, China’s leading local city portal providing forum and advertising services   
  Won Third Place of 2014 APICS-MIT Student Case Competition 
  Won 2009 Maersk Equipment Service Company Best Performer out of 200+ employees                     
  Won 2006 Maersk International Shipping Education (MISE) Exceptional Graduate Award out of 300+ graduates 
  Languages: English (proficient), Mandarin (native), Cantonese (native) 
  Computer: MS Access, SharePoint, Tableau, MS Web Developer/XML, Visual Paradigm/UML, MS SQL, ASP/PHP 

31

 

  

         

 
 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

Engineering Consultant 

     
 

 

     
   

 

Bachelor of Civil Engineering   

Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) 

Specialist in Business Planning and Management (GPA: 9.4/10) 

Logitrans – Logistics, Engineering and Transportation Ltd.   

Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program (SCM)   

Guilherme Veloso de Aguiar 

250 Kendall Street, Apt. 1006, Cambridge MA 02142   |   (617) 922-6484   |   aguiargv@mit.edu 
EDUCATIONAL HISTORY 
                          06/2014 
              Cambridge, MA 
  Coursework: Analytical Methods for SCM, Logistics Systems, Economics, Global SC Management 
  Thesis Project: Developing a methodology for estimating carbon emissions from Less Than Truckload (LTL) 
shipments 
 FAE Centro Universitário 
 
                          02/2013 
              Curitiba, Brazil 
 Federal University of Paraná (UFPR)  
          12/2010 
              Curitiba, Brazil 
  Awarded the Gold Medal for being ranked first in class at the completion of this course (class size: 100) 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
                 
     08/2010 – 04/2013 
(Consulting company in the transportation industry, specializing in public transportation) 
              Curitiba, Brazil 
Developed and implemented solutions for transportation networks, coordinated field work teams, guided clients 
(Brazilian and foreign) through implementation of changes in their fleet and operations management. 
  Led the implementation of a GPS tracking system in a public transportation company with a fleet of 55 buses 
in the city of Sao José dos Pinhais, Brazil, in partnership with a company from Argentina 
  Designed a new staffing schedule for 400 drivers which resulted in savings of R$ 4 million/year (US$ 2 million) 
for the operating company 
  Co-developed software that reduced the time needed to create bus schedules by up to 50% 
 
                                   03/2009 – 07/2009 
(Cement manufacturer that operates primarily in the south region of Brazil) 
        Balsa Nova, Brazil 
        
 
Monitored the plant’s operation and overall cement production process, from mining to expedition, and participated 
in meetings and inspections with the operations department. 
 Tutorial Education Program (PET) – Civil Engineering 
                    06/2007 – 03/2009 
 
(Governmental program for the development of young leaders)  
              Curitiba, Brazil 
 
             
Organized events, taught courses, gave lectures and presented seminars for undergraduate students and/or general 
public, conducted research, and developed university outreach projects. 
  Co-founded and became the first President of the InterPET Executive Committee (CEPET), leading a group of 
23 people in the organization of projects involving the university’s PET students 
  Ranked first at Examining Board 119 of UFPR’s 16th Annual Undergraduate Research Event (EVINCI) with the 
project titled “Study of the Production Planning and Control Process at the Construction Site: Case Study” 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
  Developed a Delphi study (forecasting method) for Cia de Cimento Itambé with a group of 30 directors and 
managers - 09/2012 to 02/2013 
  Participated in FAE’s international graduate program “Comparative Management Study Tour”, held at 
Baldwin-Wallace College, Ohio, USA - 10/2011 
  Languages: Portuguese (native), English (fluent), Spanish (intermediate) 
  Technical Skills: Optimization Models (Linear and Integer Programming), Simulation Models, Regression 
Models, SQL/Web Development (in training) 

Itambé Cement Company 

Manufacturing Intern 

Scholarship Member 

    

 

 

32

7 0   P A C I F I C   S T .   A P T #5 1 6,   C A M B R I D G E ,   M A   0 2 1 3 9      |       C S W A N G @ M I T . E D U       |       ( 5 1 0 )   2 2 0- 6 1 1 6 

CHRISTOPHER SEAN W ANG 

EDUCATION  
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (MIT) 
M.Eng. Logistics 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, BERKELEY 
B.S. Business Administration and B.A. Economics (Cumulative GPA 3.63/4.00) 

§  Awards: Dean’s Honor List (2004–2006) 
§  International Study: American University of Paris (Spring 2008) 

Cambridge, MA 
June 2014 

Berkeley, CA 
May 2008  

SELECTED EXPERIENCE 
MANAGER, REVENUE PLANNING 
Time Warner | Revenue Management Group 
Led the overhaul of Time Warner’s 5-year revenue generation strategy through new pricing and promotion initiatives 

New York, NY 
May 2012 – May 2013 

§  Formalized plan of attack to drive top-line revenue growth across 6 U.S. markets; presented action plan to group Vice 

President and used predictive analytics to capture incremental revenue of $850+ million 

 

§  Analyzed profitability scenarios for 4.5 million subscribers and advised Director and CMO on a new re-targeting 

strategy; proposal implemented in Q4 2012 and estimated to grow annual revenue by 7%  

§  Delivered whole system reform to an obsolete promotional program to save $650+ million through efficiency gains 

PROJECT MANAGER 
Pictouring | Global Heritage Fund (UNESCO World Heritage Sites Fundraiser) 
Developed an analytics-driven marketing campaign that partnered with the Global Heritage Fund (“GHF”), a nonprofit 
conservation organization, to advocate the protection of UNESCO World Heritage Sites 

New York, NY 
Jul 2010 – Apr 2012 

§  Built an analytics platform as part of a $600,000 grant to increase web traffic to GHF; boosted impressions by ~500,000 

views – a 143% YoY increase – and added $20,000+ to GHF’s $25 million funding base 

§  Traveled to 14 countries and interviewed archaeological experts at 7 endangered heritage sites; coordinated with Vice 

President of Development to create 15 educational pieces to drive traffic to GHF’s fundraising platform 

§  Featured in Condé Nast (Oct 2011); published photography in Travel + Leisure (May 2012)  

INVESTMENT BANKING SENIOR ANALYST 
Lazard Ltd. | Financial Institutions Group  
Provided mergers and acquisitions advisory to leading financial services companies. Recognized for top performance; 
selected for high-priority engagements; led training for 50 analysts; offered a rare third-year promotion 
Selected Transactions: 
Madoff Investment Securities’ sale to Surge Trading (2008) 

New York, NY 
Jun 2008 – Jun 2010 

§  Collaborated in a 4-person team to rebuild Madoff’s financial statements; empowered a buyer with key data to purchase 

the company, generating $26 million in proceeds to reimburse Ponzi scheme victims 

BlackRock's $13.5 billion acquisition of Barclays Global Investors (2009) 

§  Led multiple pro-forma analyses for Barclays’ divestment strategies; modeled 5+ valuations to demonstrate risks, 

benefits, and volatility; calculated crucial metrics to support the transaction, creating the world’s largest asset manager 

Lehman Brothers’ $1.75 billion sale of its U.S. banking operations to Barclays (2008) 

§  Evaluated insolvency scenarios and market volatility to develop strategic recommendations to the Board of Directors 

SKILLS & INTERESTS 
Languages: 
 
Technical Skills:  
Interests:  

Mandarin (conversational); basic reading proficiency in French and Spanish 
Excel, Access, SQL, HTML/CSS, Tableau Software, Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop 
Trekking (Everest Base Camp, Annapurna Circuit, Kilimanjaro), landscape photography 
(published by Marshall Cavendish: 200,000 copies), travel (31 countries between 2007 – 2012) 

33

Mark A. Woolard 

99 Myrtle Street Apt #5 

Boston, MA 02114 
MWoolard@MIT.edu 

610-329-7381 

Additional: 
National Agency Check with Local Check (U.S. Clearance)-Current 
 

34

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
                      June 2014 

EDUCATION  
MASSACHUSSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY   
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program  
- International Logistics Fellow 
- Malaysia Institute for Supply Chain Innovation Fellowship award winner 
- GRE: Math 165 (92%) Verbal 163 (91%)  
 
PENN STATE UNIVERSITY, UNIVERSITY PARK 
Bachelors of Science, Mechanical Engineering 2007 
- Commissioning source: PSU Platoon Leaders Class 2007, Student Leader Future Marine Officer Association 
- Member of Kappa Theta Epsilon, Co-op Honor Society 
- Member of Triangle Fraternity, Served as Vice President, Executive, and Risk Manager, 2 years on Executive Board 
- Ean H.C. Hong Scholarship award winner 
 
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)                              January 2005-August 2005 
- Engineering Co-operative intern at the John F. Kennedy Space Center in Florida. 
- Served as mechanical point of contact in recommendation to director for the implementation to allow innovative design by 
AirFixture ® Contract within the Operations and Control Building. 
 
United States Marine Corps, Captain 
Company Commander- 7th Engineer Support Battalion, Camp Pendleton– San Diego, CA 

         May 2007-October 2012 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  Commanded 270 Marines and Sailors in daily functions to include logistics, communications, medical, supply, 

construction and administration. 

  Trained  mentored  and  guided  subordinates  resulting  in  increased  daily  performance  and  the  pre-deployment 

training, annual training, combat readiness and maintaining good order and discipline within the company. 

  Upheld the good order and discipline by enforcing regulations and referred serious incidents to battalion level 

punishments or courts-martial. 

  Planned for and supervised the construction of a cantonment area to include dining  facilities,  hygiene areas, 
guarded supply, ammunition and armory areas, billeting, and a combat operations center. This plan would go on 
to be used as the framework for future field exercises. 

  Selected personally by the Battalion Commanding Officer for this billet from all officers within the Command 
and  received  a  ranking  among  peers  as  “One  of  the  few  exceptionally  qualified  Marines”  (top  20%  of  all 
Captains) from Colonel (O-6) Randy Lawson. 
 

 

 

 

 
Staff Officer- 7th Engineer Support Battalion (Deployment) Camp Leatherneck-Afghanistan 

 

 

  Personally  selected  by  the  Commanding  Officer  to  conduct  two  investigations  into  injuries  to  Battalion 

personnel which would be signed by the Commanding General (1 Star Command) in concurrence. 

  Planned  the  arrival  and  implementation  of  a  platoon  of  Jordanian  Engineers  into  the  Battalion  which  was 
successful and resulted in a multinational engineering capability within Regional Command Southwest (2 Star 
Command). 

  Coordinated logistics for personnel and military specialty for various operations within the Operational area. 

 
Staff Officer- Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, San Diego, CA 

  Accounting Official for over 400 Government Credit Cards assigned to Battalion Personnel.  Provided weekly 

updates to the Commanding Officer and rectified any issues and detected and mitigated any fraudulent use.  

  Audited  and  maintained  accountability  on  $350,000  budget  of  battalion  funds  and  personally  certified  all 

accounts prior to disbursement which reduced errors from 3% to less than .5%. 
 

Executive Officer- Marine Corps Detachment Corry Station, Pensacola, FL 

  Led the improvements to the Base obstacle course utilizing over 55 Marines resulting in course deemed within 

standards by base safety office. 

  Taught over 200 Marines in areas of combat lifesaving, squad level offensive and defensive operations. 
 

60 Wadsworth St, Apt 25A • Cambridge, MA  02142  • 630.915.0722  • dxia@mit.edu

David Xia, FSA, CFA

OVERVIEW

Passionate, motivated professional with seven years of life and health insurance industry experience.  Qualified actuary 
with  strong  background  in  corporate  finance,  risk  management,  and  pricing. Highly  competent  project  manager  with 
global perspective and effective communication skills focused on delivering results to executive management.

EDUCATION

MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program

•
•

Fellowship: Received $10K scholarship award from the Supply Chain Management Program.
Scores: GMAT – 750 (Dec. 2011). 

Cambridge, MA
June 2014

UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO
Bachelor of Science in Mathematics.  Bachelor of Arts in Economics

• Achievements: Dean’s List (six quarters).  Graduated with Honors.
•
• Activities: Moderator, Model UN. Cinematographer for three Art Institute of Chicago short films.

Scores: SAT – 1530/1600 (800M, 730V).

Chicago, IL
March 2006

EXPERIENCE

SCOR SE
Actuary – International Life and Health Reinsurance

Charlotte, NC
July 2010 – July 2013

• With 5th largest global reinsurer (2,100 employees), led corporate financial modeling functions for Asian and 

Latin American markets.  Assisted in firm merger with Transamerica Re.

• Collaborated with C-level executives to facilitate major corporate transactions.

• Oversaw development of financial plans utilized across three global branches with 100+ employees.

o With CFO, provided purchase GAAP assumptions for $1B SCOR-Transamerica merger.
o Led transfer of Transamerica’s Asia portfolio to SCOR Singapore office, $150M of annual premium in 
transferred contracts. Eliminated redundant operational functions and presented results to management.
o Re-priced $40M annual premium reinsurance treaty with top Mexican worksite insurer.
o With executive team in Germany, developed solvency capital plan for each fiscal year. Reviewed €1.5B 
o Led four member consulting team to convert modeling systems from AXIS to Prophet, managing $250K

of capital movements across legal entities in the U.S., Singapore, Ireland, and Paris.

budget.  Avoided cost overruns and saved over $100K of annual resource commitments.

ALLSTATE INSURANCE COMPANY
Assistant Actuary – Asset/Liability Management

Northbrook, IL
June 2009 – July 2010

• With leading national insurance company, selected for 15-member ALM office to manage $20B net notional 

derivatives portfolio and support over 25 corporate investment portfolios.

o Designed interest rate hedging strategy and presented risk management strategy to executive committee.
o Evaluated duration, convexity, credit and interest rate VAR for $70B investment portfolio.
• Coordinated involvement of Investments and Actuarial to develop valuation models for $2B of PE investments. 
Led initiative to improve cost efficiency of actuarial recruiting program, saving $50K of annual recruiting costs.
•

Senior Actuarial Associate – Finance

April 2006 – June 2009

•
•

•

•

•

Provided US GAAP and statutory reporting for life and annuity product lines.
Promoted to actuary 1st of eight hires based on accelerated exam progress and high performance reviews.

PERSONAL

Professional affiliations: As Fellow of the Society of Actuaries (2010 - Present), participate as question writer 
for fellowship examinations, exam grader, editor for news publications, and presenter at symposiums.  
As Chartered Financial Analyst (2010 – Present), participate as reviewer for CFA research challenges.
Public presentations:  2012 Life and Annuity Symposium – “Living in a Risk-Free Valuation World.”
2008 Valuation Actuary Symposium – “Refining Your Liability Models.”
Interests: Running (completed 2012 D.C. and 2010 Chicago marathons).  Computer and robotics hobbyist.

35

 125 South Huntington Ave, Rm.308, Boston, MA 02130 | Tel: 617-682-0370 | Email: xia_xu@mit.edu 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program 
  Research on Scenario Monitoring for long term strategic planning sponsored by BASF (Germany) 
Zhejiang University (Top 5 University in China） 
Bachelor of Economics, Major GPA 3.7 / 4.0,top 10% 

Cambridge, MA   
Expected May 2014 

Hangzhou, China 
                  Sep 2001 – Jun 2005 

Xia Xu 

EDUCATION 

EXPERIENCE 

 

 

 

 

Accenture Management Consulting 
Intern, Supply Chain & Operations Strategy  
     Redesigned the work flow for an Italian manufacturer, achieving 20% reduction in costs and 45% improvement 

Shanghai, China 
           May 2012 – Jul 2012 

 

in operational efficiency.   

     Utilized Six Sigma concepts to improve the quality inspection process; enlarged the production capacity by 12% 

without increasing the scrap rate. 

 

Qingshan Shipyard Group, a $1.5 billion state-owned maritime industrial group 
Manager, Continuous Improvement  
  Drove continuous improvement tools and methodology into the organization; established continuous 

 

improvement practice and increased the efficiency in overall operation. 
Led team of 4 members and managed expense capital projects up to $2M across finance, merchandising, 
planning, HR, and supply chain in a continuous operation through designing and implementing lean projects. 

  Negotiated favorable payment terms with suppliers in order to improve cash flow, pricing and inventory 

allocation.  This resulted in indirect sourcing savings of 17% per year. 

Wuhan, China 
Jun 2010 – May 2012 

 

 

  Managed a forecasting alignment initiative among different departments; increased forecast accuracy by 9%, 

enhanced production capacity, and improved the collaborative atmosphere. 

  Promoted to be the youngest manager in the organization; Outstanding Accomplishment Award 2011 
Chubb Marine Insurance 
Senior Specialist, Sales Operations  
 
  Delivered training to stakeholders from different levels and functions including supervisors, managers, sales and 

Identified and implemented projects of lean management and sustainability in sales offices and call centers. 

Shanghai, China 
Sep 2006 – Jun 2010 

service representatives to communicate new practice and logic for change. 

 

  Procured systems, equipment, and third-party services with 16% savings achieved through strategic sourcing, 

alignment, and planning. 
Interacted cross-functionally with external consultants, sales teams, and claim teams on corporate initiatives in 
order to reduce cycle time of new business process by 40%. 
 

 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

 

Wordoor Language & Culture On-line Community, an NGO for language and culture sharing 
Director  
 

Established an on-line SNS platform, www.wordoor.com, which provides 4,000+ daily users with study and  
exchange opportunities in 68 languages.  
Invited by the UN Chinese Teaching Program to present at 2010 World Language Expo in Boston.  

 
  Delivered presentation at a mandarin teaching conference hosted by Princeton University East Asian Studies 

      Shanghai, China 
    Sep 2008 – May 2011 

Department.  

 
Interests: Yoga, Dancing, Jogging, Badminton, Skiing, and Culinary Arts. 
 

 

 

36

BUNGEE YIN 

 

 

PERSONAL 

EXPERIENCE 
Twizone Pte. Ltd 

 

Nanyang Technological University 

Singapore 

Beijing, China 

Singapore 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology 

                   Cambridge, MA 

Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business 

550 Memorial Dr ▪ Cambridge, MA 02139 ▪ +1 (857) 204-0662 ▪ bangqiy@MIT.EDU 

 EDUCATION 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management 
 Aug.2013 - Present 
  Only recent graduate admitted into program ; Student Ambassador  
  Member of Sloan Management Consulting Club; Member of Toastmaster Club  
 
Bachelor of Engineering, Electrical and Electronic Engineering 
Aug.2009 – May 2013 
  GPA 4.48/5.0 (Top 10%); Honored Degree; GMAT: 750/AWA6.0 
  Singapore National Government SM2 Scholarship; NTU President Scholarship 
  Student Union Representative of EEE school; Director of Student Union Welfare Committee 
  Director of Annual Spring Festival Concert; Director of Lunch Time Concert 
 
MBA Young Scholar Training Program 
Winter 2012 
  Class President; Champion of Product Design Competition and Case Study Competition  
Jan. 2011 – Jan. 2013 
Director, Marketing and Sales Department 
  Proposed start-up idea on media interaction product ‘Iwall’, attained Singaporean government funding of 
$30,000 
Identified marketing and sales initiatives through customer research, designed and implemented targeting 
and segmentation plans 
  Managed a team of 4 IT specialists, analyzed and developed new university grant application system for 
more than 1000 professors 
  Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
Jan.2012– June 2012 
Analyst, Global Wealth Management/Middle Office 
  Coordinated with 5 different teams from front office and back office, evaluated and executed hundreds of 
FX Option and Commodities OTC trades 
  Selected as representative of 53 interns globally, raised committee of 10 people, successfully organized 
“Intern Graduation Night” for Merrill Lynch employees and interns 
Initiated three-week training program to assist interns in adapting to their respective responsibilities  
 
Analyst, Technology and Economic Bureau/Government Incubator 
Summer 2011 
  Assessed 8 enterprises’ qualifications for semi-final list of city government’s “Nurturing Leading 
Enterprises” project, facilitated candidate companies to gain government funds of RMB 1,000,000 
 
  Prepared arrangements of monthly talks given by motivational speakers including Harvard MBA 
Graduates, Investment Banking Directors, Marathon Champions and Silicon Valley entrepreneurs etc. 
 Founder, Life Endeavors Program 
  Collaborated with Cornerstone Life Church, developed the first and second batch of life endeavors program 
for hundreds of foreign students, introducing Singapore culture and providing education on personal 
development 
 
Rock Band “Wonderland” Rhythm Guitarist; Champion of NTU e-Sport; School Basketball Team Point-Guard 

LEADERSHIP 
Core Organizer, Bucket-List Club 

Singapore 

Singapore 

Yingchengshi Government 

Yingcheng, China 

Singapore 

37

 

Liqing Yuan 

Ashdown Room 3059, 235 Albany Street, Cambridge, MA02139 

 412-951-1326  liqing@mit.edu 

 
EDUCATION 
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY                                                            CAMBRIDGE, MA 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management program                                                        June 2014 
SHANGHAI JIAO TONG UNIVERSITY                                                                                SHANGHAI, CHINA 
Bachelor of Management Science                                                                                                                        July 2008 
•  Awarded 2007 Excellent Academic Scholarship of Shanghai Jiao Tong University 
•  Team leader of Research Program of SJTU—Analysis on the Human Settlement of the International Residential 

Community in Shanghai Pudong 

EXPERIENCE 
SHANGHAI TOBACCO GROUP CO., LTD                                                                          SHANGHAI, CHINA 
Warehouse Operation Supervisor                                                                                                  Aug 2009-July2013 
•  Leadership and Management 
-    Operated the biggest tobacco warehouse in the company, resulting in the highest volume (200,000 ton) in the 
20-year history of the warehouse 
-    Led 110-person warehouse that provided raw material to clients all over the country 
-    Managed 4.8 million (RMB) budget for the main business activity of the warehouse 
-    Coordinated 6 branch warehouses, increasing the overall efficiency 
-    Directed the warehouse to operate new business-cigarette storage and distribution 
•  Creativity and Problem-solving   
-    Initiated the Business Process Reengineering Project, which achieved a 20% increase in efficiency. An 
organization restructure plan was included in the project and recommended to the remaining two warehouses in the 
corporation for implementation. 
-    Planned and organized the project of branch warehouse merger 
-    Devised and executed the two-year transfer project of 32,000-ton tobacco for warehouse reconstruction 
•  Teamwork and Communication 
-    Accomplished the most important annual mission by establishing and maintaining effective working relationship 
with other departments and external agencies.   
Management Trainee                                                                                                                      Aug 2008-July 2009 
-    Rotated among Warehouses and Operation Department 

HONORS 
• 

Employee Excellence Award                                                                                                                    2009~2012                                                 
* The award is presented annually to employees who make outstanding contribution to the company                                                   
Third prize for management research program in the corporation                                                                    2011 
-  Labor Cost Control Applied in Warehouse 

• 

ACTIVITIES 
•  Volunteer for Special Olympics                                                                                                                            2007 
LANGUAGES & SKILLS 
•  Languages: English (Fluent), Mandarin (Native), and Shanghainese (Native) 
•  Highly proficient in Microsoft Office Suite- Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access 

38

MIT Center for 
Transportation & Logistics

MIT Supply Chain Management Program
Center for Transportation & Logistics
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
1 Amherst Street, Building E40-361
Cambridge, MA 02142
http://scm.mit.edu

Allison Sturchio
Administrator, SCM Recruiting & Career Development
phone: +1 617.253.5055
email: sturchio@mit.edu

©2013-2014 MIT Center for Transportation & Logistics. All Rights Reserved.

