VICKY B 

GEOGRAPHY: Geographically Flexible, International  

INDUSTRY: Government/Public Policy, Human Resources/Recruiting,  

International Relations,  Public Relations, Travel/Hospitality 

EDUCATION 
Scripps College, Claremont, CA  
Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and French Studies 
Thesis: “Aunty Flow and Avoir Ses Anglais: The Cultural Expectations of Menstruation” 

 

 

 

 

              Expected 2015 

EXPERIENCE 
Research Assistant, CARE Lab, Pomona College; Claremont, CA                  2013 - Present 
Develops and works through lab experiments, runs participants and works in difficult and 
stressful conditions with people, performs detailed-oriented transcribing, works solo on expansive 
projects. In the process of publishing latest research, “Exploring the efficacy of a relational 
savoring intervention in a foster home context”. 

Bike Shop Manager, Sallie Tiernan Field House; Claremont, CA                     2014 -Present 
Built the Scripps College bike program from the ground up. Develops policies, organizes events, 
manages employees, and manages to institutionalize a successful program. Organizes a full 
semester rental program and daily rental programs with a tight budget and only two Bike 
Technicians. Works towards developing a larger, more sustainable program. 

Customer Service Associate, Scripps College; Claremont, CA                                  2014- 2014 
Greeted and worked with every Sallie Tiernan Field House customer. Required liveliness and a 
constantly cheerful attitude. Handled stressful situations and accidents or injuries. Inventoried 
office paperwork and worked with cash register. Prepared for the Scripps College class of 2018.  

Shift Manager, 21 Choices; Claremont, CA                                                          2013- 2014 
Created and made unique yogurts every day, served and worked with costumers, worked cash 
register, managed associates during every shift, maintained organization and cleanliness of the 
workplace.  

Leadership Board, Claremont Colleges Ballroom Dance Company;                         2012-2014 
Organized monthly 300+ people events for Claremont ballroom dancers. Taught, TAed, 
organized events, and coached intermediate-level dancers. Traveled around the United States of 
America for competitions and maintained partnerships between colleges. 

SKILLS 

Bilingual French and English. CPR, AED, and First Aid certified. Deans list at Scripps College 
(2013- 2015) EU Passport. Competent in Python. Proficient in Word Document, Pages, Excel, 
Numbers, Google Documents, and social mediate. Experienced in organizing events and public 
speaking.  

