GEOGRAPHY: International, Northern California and Bay Area, Southern California  

INDUSTRY: Human Resources/Recruiting, Technology, Start-Ups 

 

ANNE D 

EDUCATION 
 
Scripps College • Claremont, CA 
Bachelor of Arts in Psychology • Feminist, Gender, and Sexuality Studies minor                                                                                (May 2015) 

 Relevant Coursework: Intro. Statistics; Organizational Psychology; Research Design; Cognitive Psychology; Psychology of 

Women; Seminar in Memory & Language; Organizational Behavior; Intro to Computer Science 

 Dean’s list scholar 2012 & 2013 
 Thesis: “What is she doing here?: Implicit Barriers to the Tech Industry’s Boys’ Club” 

EXPERIENCE 
 
Career Consultant                                                                                                                                       (August 2014 – Present) 
Scripps College • Claremont, CA 

 Work with approximately 10 Scripps students a week to edit their resumes and cover letters. 
 Advise Scripps students on job and internship search process and networking tactics. 
 Collaborate with 5 full-time staff and 4 student staff members to plan and execute projects and special events. 

HR/Operations Intern                                                                                                                                   (May 2014 – Present) 
Originate • San Francisco, CA 

 Revitalized company intranet to facilitate communication across the company internationally. 
 Conceptualized and implemented a company-wide diversity initiative to foster inclusiveness and communication. 
 Redesigned and successfully pitched new methodology to improve company onboarding. 
 Assisted in planning 3-day retreat for 120 employees. 

Blogger for Career Planning and Resources                                                                                        (January 2014 – May 2014) 
Scripps College • Claremont, CA 

 Responsible for publishing 400-600 word blog posts weekly about personal career development. 
 Drive 40% of the blog’s monthly 1,400 views, with clicks to my posts spiking at 150 per day.  
 Coordinate with other members of the Career Planning and Resources team to provide Scripps students with resources that will 

help develop their future plans. 

Advocate for Survivors of  Sexual Assault  
Scripps College • Claremont, CA 

 

     

                                             (October 2013 – October 2014) 

 Assisted in development and execution of an on-campus warm-line for survivors of sexual assault. 
 Designed 10 hours of trainings to encourage community building within Advocates. 
 Attended 40+ hours of training about supporting survivors of sexual assault, rape, domestic abuse, and childhood abuse.  
 Collaborating with Advocates program to plan events to raise awareness about sexual assault issues on campus. 

Peer Mentor Coordinator 
Claremont Colleges Ballroom Dance Company • Claremont, CA 

 

 

                                                                          (September 2013 – June 2014) 

 Coordinated with members of leadership to address problems of retention and culture within the company. 
 Restructured peer mentor program and conceptualized and executed training seminars for a peer mentors, teaching them how 

to use inclusive language, establish community norms, and create goals to improve and advance the company. 

 Published the first alumni newsletter, team newsletter, and Code of Conduct. 

Primate House Intern                                                                                                    (June – August 2012, May – August 2013) 
St. Louis Zoo • St. Louis, MO 

 Responsible for care, maintenance, enrichment, and observation of 70+ monkeys and lemurs. 
 Successfully optimized keeper workflow and interacted with zoo visitors. 
 Helped execute annual event to educate visitors about animals and conservation efforts; conducted and compiled survey results 

  

 

 

regarding the event. 

SKILLS 
Computer: Learning JavaScript; Wordpress; Google Docs, Cal, Forms, Sites; SPSS; Microsoft Office Suite; CX 
Language: Conversational and written French 
Scuba Certifications (PADI): Advanced Open Water, Rescue Diver (Aug 2009), Boat Diver (Jul 2009), Digital Underwater 
Photography (Jul 2009), and Project Aware (Jul 2009) 

