GEOGRAPHY: Northern California and Bay Area, Pacific Northwest, Southern California  

KATHLEEN B 

INDUSTRY: Health/Medicine, Public Health, Scientific Research/Development, Technology, Sales  

 
Objective 

I am entering my fourth and final year at Scripps College, earning a Bachelor of Arts and Science (B.A.Sc.) with a major in Biology. I have 
experience working in the Health Sciences, as well as in Biotechnology. I am looking to use my current experience with laboratory techniques, depth 
of scientific knowledge, and breadth of study obtained throughout my years at Scripps College towards future endeavors in the workforce. 

Work Experience 

Summer Intern, Quintara Biosciences 
Summer Internship that involved prepping of bacterial DNA samples for sequencing. Additional duties included learning professional laboratory 
techniques, preparation of agarose gels, cleaning of equipment, picking bacterial colonies, mini-prep, and miscellaneous responsibilities to help 
organize and run the lab. 

      June 2014 – August 2014 

Introductory Biology Tutor, Keck Science Department 
Weekly tutor for group tutoring sessions. Assisted students with homework assignments for lecture classes, laboratory report writing, studying 
techniques for quizzes and exams, and answered questions related to understanding course material. 

August 2013 - Present 

Introductory Biology Tutor, Scripps College 
Private Tutor for Scripps College students enrolled in Introductory Biology. Provided specialized assistance on homework, laboratory reports, review 
of topics, and preparation for exams, as needed by each tutee.  

September 2014 - Present   

Introductory Biology Laboratory Teacher’s Assistant, Keck Science Department 
Tasked with preparation of labs before class time, assisting students with laboratory techniques, monitoring progress of students, grading of quizzes 
and both in-class and homework assignments, and maintenance of overall lab gradebook. 

August 2013 - Present 

Assistant Manager, McDonalds of Hawaii 
Responsibilities included three responsibilities of Customer Service, Food Preparation and Cleanliness and Hygiene, as well as additional duties of 
planning and running shifts, training crew, and handling customer issues. 

May 2011 – August 2013 

Education 

Scripps College 
B.A. in Biology. Related courses include Introductory Biology, Physics, Chemistry; Calculus; Organic Chemistry; Biochemistry; Molecular Biology; 
Cellular Biology; Vertebrate Physiology; Biostatistics. Extracurricular activities include position as co-head of the Claremont Colleges Mixed 
Martial Arts Club from 2012-2014 and secretary of the Hui O Aloha Claremont Colleges 5-C Hawaii Club from 2012-present. 

Expected May 2015 

Volunteer Experience 

Emergency Room Volunteer, Castle Hospital 
Tasked with assisting lab technicians, nurses, and doctors with cleaning of triage rooms, delivery of blood/urine samples to laboratory, directing and 
delivering patients to destinations in the hospital, etc. 
 
Honors 
● National Merit Finalist, 2011 
● National Honor Society, 2007 – 2011 
● Graduated with Honors, 2011 
● James E. Scripps Four-Year Merit Scholarship Recipient, 2011 

May 2011 – January 2014 

 

Skills 
● Mastery of Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) as well as IBM SPSS Statistics Software 
● Proficient in basic chemistry solution prep, calculating concentrations and molarity, etc. 
● Proficient in molecular biology techniques, including bacterial culturing, DNA isolation, PCR, etc. 
● Adaptable, Dependable, Eager to Learn, Performs Under Pressure, Flexible. 

