KAITLIN M 

GEOGRAPHY: Northern California and Bay Area, Southern California 

INDUSTRY: Consulting/Management, Education: General, Environment/Sustainability, 

Finance/Banking, Start-Ups 

 

Experience 
Accounting Manager at Scripps College Store 

       

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Research Assistant 

 May 2013-July 2013 

          August 2014-Present 

         June 2014-August 2014 

Research Intern at the SFCED  

Intern to United States Senator Jon Tester   

❖  Liaison between student-run store and Scripps College Business Administration. Manage 
and maintain store website. Prepared and presented business plan to Administration and 
utilized problem-solving and teamwork skills to transition store website from WordPress to 
e-commerce format.  
❖  Researched and produced quarterly economic reports on the San Francisco Bay Area, as 
well as researching and developing a report on venture capital activity while working at the 
San Francisco Center for Economic Development (SFCED). 
Student Assistant in Scripps College’s Dean of Faculty Office                September 2012-Present 
❖  Assist with special projects, file management, and handling of confidential information. 
❖  Conducted healthcare implementation research. Drafted constituent correspondence for 
Senator. Assisted with coordination and execution of Montana State Capital summer 
educational event.  
❖  Research Assistant for Scripps College’s Department of American Studies. Navigated, 
compiled, and analyzed historical 1970’s busing data to assist Professor Delmont’s research. 
Economics Major, Cumulative GPA of 3.51. Courses taken in International Economics, 
Econometrics, French, Calculus, Environmental Studies and Writing.  
Girl’s State Delegate; Newport Beach City Council Youth Representative; Youth and Government 
Legislative Committee Chair.  National Honor Society, Junior Statesmen of America, and Madrigals 
Choir. 
❖  Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Office 
❖  Google Docs, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Vine 
❖  Proficient with STATA12 
❖  Proficient in French 

Corona del Mar High School, Corona del Mar, CA 

           March 2012-June 2013 

Scripps College, Claremont, CA 

   Expected May 2015 

Education 

Skills 

 

 

 

 

 

    Spring 2011 

 

 

 

 

 

 

