Scripps College (Claremont, CA)  
Bachelor of Arts, Media Studies 2015 
Minor: Self-Designed, Creative Writing  

Central Saint Martins (London, United Kingdom) Semester 
Abroad, January - June 2014 
Graphic Design Course 

 

Adobe Photoshop    Adobe InDesign    Adobe Illustrator    Microsoft Office    Social Media Wordpress    
Creative Writing    Graphic Design    Written and Verbal Communication 

 

 

 

 

ANJALI G 

GEOGRAPHY: Geographically Flexible, 
 Northeast, Pacific Northwest 
INDUSTRY: Entertainment, Marketing/Advertising, Public Relations,  

Publishing/Editing, Visual Arts/Design 

 

 
EDUCATION 
 
 

SKILLS 

 
EXPERIENCE  Foothill Country Day School (Claremont, CA) 

Communications/Marketing Intern | Oct 2013 - Present 
Create and manage Twitter and Facebook presence. Design print and web marketing materials. 
Conceptualize and execute graphics for school campaigns and events. 
 
Scripps College Information Technology (Claremont, CA) 
IT Dorm Consultant | Sept 2012 - Present 
Implement a more efficient workflow for configuration and computer setup during new student 
orientation. Provide basic network connectivity help to the student body.    
 
Scripps College Marketing & Communications (Claremont, CA) 
Graphic Design Intern | Sept 2013 - Dec 2013 
Conceptualized and designed posters, brochures, logos, and web banners for student and faculty 
clients.  
 
Sesquip Andriod App (Claremont, CA) 
App Designer | Sept 2013 - Dec 2013 
Designed visual identity, conceptualized user interface, and created web landing page for Sesquip, an 
Andriod-based study tool, in collaboration with another student.  
 
Health Services of North Texas (Dallas, TX) 
Marketing Intern | June 2013 - Aug 2013 
Developed a new tagline to reflect changing mission statement. Redesigned brochures. Wrote copy for 
press releases and website. Designed marketing collateral for special events and campaigns.  
 
Brandnu Marketing and Creatives in DFW (Dallas, TX) 
Marketing Intern | June 2013 - Aug 2013 
Designed print and web materials for various regional clients. Managed Facebook and Twitter profiles 
for Brandnu Marketing and Creatives in DFW. Updated and maintained website with new business 
listings and local industry events. 
 
[in]Visible Magazine (Claremont, CA) 
Design Director | Jan 2013 - May 2013 
Updated entire magazine layout and style guide to modernize graphics and increase visual appeal. 
Managed 5 designers and oversaw semester-long design process with biweekly meetings. 
 
The Student Life Newspaper (Claremont, CA) 
Print Design & Special Features Editor | Sept 2011 - May 2013 
Strengthened design and layout of the newspaper to make the content more accessible to the student 
body. Launched and managed creative control of a new biweekly ‘Special Features’ section on a 
diverse range of subjects to produce innovative design opportunities. 

