GEOGRAPHY: Northeast, Northern California and Bay Area, Southern California  

INDUSTRY: Education: Teaching, Event Planning, International Relations, Law, Public Relations  

TEESTA B 

 

 
EDUCATION 
 
Scripps College 
Major in Legal Studies and Minor in Politics and International Relations 
Honors Thesis in “Indian Women as Repositories of Honor” 
Deans List in Fall 2011 and Spring 2013 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

EXPERIENCE 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

          Expected May 2015 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

• 

Student Representative, Scripps College Board of Trustees, Claremont, CA                                                       April 2014- Current 

                  September 2012- Current 

•  Volunteer, The Children’s School at Claremont McKenna College, Claremont, CA                                         August 2013-Current 

 

 

• 

children. 

Secretary, Scripps College Mock Trial, Claremont, CA      

•  Communications and Advocacy Intern, Apne Aap Women Worldwide, New Delhi  

•  Legal Intern, Chambers of Mukul Rohatgi, Attorney General for India, New Delhi   

o  Elected by Board of Trustees to facilitate communication between students and trustees. 
o  Organize events to understand and tend to grievances of the entire student body.            
o  Coordinate daily activities with 2 other teachers including motor skill and comprehension building exercises for 20 
o  Coach children who need extra attention by providing a one on one setting.     
 
o  Actively contributed in 10+ inter-college mock trial competitions. 
o  Write detailed meeting briefs; organize meetings and scrimmages with other colleges.  
o  Received inter-region best witness award in 2014.          
•  Customer Service Associate, Sallie Tiernan Field House  Claremont, CA                          
o  Maximize field house efficiency by tending to patrons’ concerns and queries.  
o  Act as the face of the field house by promoting events and engaging with the Scripps community at large. 
o  Optimized workflow by categorizing and summarizing case notes and details.  
o  Assisted Attorney General in confidential special projects. 
o  Organized fundraisers, conferences and awareness campaigns for trafficked women.  
o  Managed the social media pages of the organization. 
o  Assisted teachers from grades nursery to first prepare for class.  
o  Acted as a substitute in classes whenever necessary.  
 
o  Advertised school events around the campus.  
o  Conducted tours and answered queries of perspective students and their parents. 
o  Edited and finalized reports on climate change and alternate energy sources. 
o  Organized and managed side events at the Rio+20 Conference. 
 
o  Organized at home track and field events. 
o  Managed athletes during track and field events. 
 
o  Assisted children from low-income backgrounds with their homework. 
o 

•  Assistant teacher, Vasant Valley School, New Delhi, India 

•  Volunteer teacher, Pomona Hope Kids, Pomona, CA 

•  Member,  Admission Ambassador Team  

 Organized and advertised fundraising events.  

•  Assistant, CMS Event Management   

• 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                      July 2013-August 2013 

                     January 2012-May 2014 

Intern, Division for Sustainable Development, United Nations New York City & Rio de Janeiro                      May 2012- July2012 

                   September 2012-Current 

                     June 2014-August 2014 

                         May 2014-June 2014 

            August 2012-December 2012 

 

     September 2011- September 2012 

 
SKILLS 

•  Microsoft Office: Microsoft Excel, Powerpoint and Word. 
• 
•  Languages: Conversational and written English (fluent), Conversation and written Hindi (fluent), Conversation and written 

Social media: Instagram, Twitter, Facebook , Pinterest and Tumblr. 

 

Spanish (basic). 

•  Certified in CPR and AED 

