GEOGRAPHY: Northern California and Bay Area, Pacific Northwest, Southern California 
INDUSTRY: Architecture/Planning, Environment/Sustainability, Visual Arts/Design  
 

MAGGIE S  

 

 
 EDUCATION  
 
Scripps College, Claremont, CA 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
     . 
        Expected Graduation May 2015 

 

 

 

Bachelor of Arts in Environmental Analysis  
Focus in Sustainability and the Built Environment, Dean’s List Spring 2012, 2013 

Danish Institute for Study Abroad, Copenhagen, Denmark        

Sustainability in Europe Program 

Lakeside School, Seattle, WA   
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Friends of Waterfront Seattle, Seattle, WA: Intern, Summer 2014 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

         

         

 

  Fall Semester 2013 

        

 

 

 

         

           Class of 2011 

 

 

 

    . 

Focused on strengthening community engagement and support behind the City of Seattle’s plans to transform the 
central waterfront into a dynamic public space. Primarily worked on identifying and incorporating sustainability 
features of the project into outreach material, researching funding opportunities, and maintaining a database of 
donors, partners, and event participants. Required high levels of creativity and organization, knowledge of the 
natural environment, good communication skills, and the ability to manage day-to-day and ongoing projects 
simultaneously. 

Sustainable Seattle, Bullitt Center (Capitol Hill), WA: Sustainability Intern, Summer 2013 

Wrote grants, researched local sustainability initiatives, attended meetings with major partners including the City of 
Seattle, visited project sights, and helped plan and organize community events.  Represented Sustainable Seattle 
at several summer events, answered questions about sustainability and storm water management, helped write 
and send out monthly newsletters, and maintained a database of members, donors, and partners. Required strong 
communication skills, high levels of creativity and organization, flexibility, ability to work in a team, and ability to 
work on several projects at once. 

Nordstrom, Bellevue, WA: Sales Support, Summer 2012 

Cashiered, ran fitting rooms, assisted customers, and maintained a neat shopping environment.  Worked with 
sales team to develop sales strategies.  Required strong communication skills, high levels of organization, and 
ability to work under stress. 
 

AWARDS & CERTIFICATES 
 
National Merit Corporate Scholarship Semi-Finalist, September 2010 
Scripps College Grant for the Environment Recipient, May 2013 
 
CLUBS & INTERESTS 
5C Designing Urban Spaces Club (2014-Present) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   . 

 

 

 

 

    . 

Working with other students from the Claremont Colleges to make design and planning a more accessible field to 
students, connect and engage the 5C community and other institutions through relevant events and activities, and 
develop a well-rounded design curriculum that will better equip students for a career in architecture or urban 
planning. 

Scripps Environmental Club (2013-2014) 

Campaigned for increased environmental action across the Claremont campuses. Efforts include lobbying for the 
future dormitory to be LEED certified, starting a green revolving fund, and decreasing water use around campus.  

Enjoy putting together handouts and presentations & helping friends and families create visually stimulating 
projects that help convey their message. 

Graphic Design 

Hiking and Travel 

Enjoy hiking with friends and families in the Pacific Northwest as well as around Mt. Baldy in Southern California. 
Have travelled independently both locally and internationally. 
 
 

TECHNOLOGICAL SKILLS 
Proficient in Mac OS, and MS Office, Salesforce, Google Sketch Up, and taking classes Spring 2015 in Geographic 
Information Systems (ArcGIS), Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign. 

   . 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

