 

125 West 109th Street, Apt 7L, New York, NY, 10025 | (646)-359-1095 | zc2367@columbia.edu | linkedin.com/in/zhihong-chen 

Zhihong (Leven) Chen 

EDUCATION 

Columbia University, Department of Mathematics 
Master of Arts in Mathematics of Finance (GRE Quantitative: 170/170) 
  Coursework: Introduction to the Mathematics of Finance, Stochastic Calculus, Time-Series, Hedge Fund Strategies, Advanced 

New York, NY 
Expected Dec. 2017 

Programming (C, C++), Machine Learning, Numerical Methods, C++ Programming for Quants, Stochastic Methods 

 
Sun Yat-sen University, School of Math & Comp Science, Lingnan College                                                              Guangzhou, China 
Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics (Major, GPA: 3.8/4.0) and Finance (Minor, GPA: 3.7/4.0) 
Sept. 2012 - Jun. 2016 
  Coursework: Stochastic Processes, Probability, C++, Mathematical Statistics, Data Structure & Algorithms, Data Mining 
  Honors: Merit-Based Scholarship (Top 5%); Honorable Mention Awards in US Mathematical Contest in Modeling; Third Prize   

in China’s Mathematical Contest in Modeling 

 
University of California, Berkeley, School of Public Health 
Biostatistics (Summer Session, GPA: 4.0/4.0) 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE   
LMG Capital LLC                                                                                                                                                              New York, NY 
Fall Intern, Quantitative Developer                                                                                                                                Oct. 2016 - Present 
 
Constructed a Python live parser to automatically scrape market data from websites, cleaned and stored gigabytes of unstructured 
text data to MySQL database; optimized portfolio construction and trading strategies based on back-testing 

Berkeley, CA 
  Jul. - Aug. 2015 

  Developed a monitor system on Amazon Web Service EC2 platform for “event driven” strategies to detect trading signals and to 

automatically send alerts with well-designed emails in Python.  

 
Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund Management Co., LTD 
Summer Analyst, Quantitative Researcher 
 

Established an integrated automatic trading system for Structured Fund Discount Arbitrage Strategy to trade in the real world 

Guangzhou, China 
Sept. 2015 - Apr. 2016 

(package: pandas, numpy, requests, easytrader, pymssql, matplotlib), which includes mock trading, hedging, database 

construction and update, arbitrage signal monitoring, strategy execution and profits calculation. 

 

Collaborated with trading team in designing and validating trading models; built an option-volatility strategy using implied 

volatility and BS model, programmed a commodity paired trading strategy based on cointegration and VECM. 

  Developed an automatic web trading API for automatic trading in Python and incorporated monitor systems into an online 

platform (webpage) that visualizes real-time indicators of different assets by Django to help traders identify arbitrage signal. 

 
Chubb Life Insurance Hong Kong Limited                                                                                                                            Hong Kong 
Summer Analyst, Investment Intern                                                                                                                                      Jul. - Aug. 2014 
  Matched Excel files to retrieved tick-level data using regular expression in Python, transformed the data into minute-level data 

for over 24 commodities and constructed a database platform in SQL Server, serving the trading team as a data source for 

back-testing of commodity related strategies. 

 
 

Provided daily analytical report on the effects of global macroeconomic events on the firm’s business. 

Prepared investment risk tolerance tests for over 100 customers, evaluated the results and provided feedback to the department to 

tailor specific portfolio for customers. 

 
PROJECT EXPERIENCE 

Commodity Futures Paired Trading Based on Cointegration and Vector Error Correction Model                Dec. 2015 - Apr. 2016 
  Constructed a database for Chinese commodity futures, screened pairs for trading based on trading volume and correlation. 
  Built VECM in Python and R (package: pandas, rpy2, statsmodels) by applying ADF unit root test, Johanson cointegration test, 

residual test and Granger Causality test to commodity pairs, designed and back-tested the strategy using data from 2012 to 2015. 

 
SKILLS & HOBBIES 
  Computer Skills: Python, C/C++, R, MATLAB, SQL Server, MySQL, VBA, Linux, Web Scraping   
  Hobbies: Guitar, Snooker, Basketball, Tennis, and Running 

