Steve Jungst

25 E Kent Rd
Duluth, MN 55812
jungs001@d.umn.edu

OBJECTIVE

Obtain a summer internship in the ﬁeld of Electrical/Computer Engineering.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering
University of Minnesota, Duluth, expected Spring 2015
Minors: Computer Science, Mathematics

COMPUTER SKILLS

Languages: S12 Assembly, C, Java, Python, Scheme, TI-Basic
Systems: Linux, OSX, Windows ME-7
Software: Adobe Creative Suite, Audacity, Blender 3d, Eclipse, LTspice, Mathemat-
ica, Matlab, MS Oﬃce Suite, NetBeans, Pspice, Scilab, Solidworks, Xilinx ISE.

EXPERIENCE

Lab Assistant,
University of Minnesota Duluth, Electrical Engineering Department, Duluth, MN

Fall 2011 - Present
• Ensure that all Electronics labs are running smoothly, maintain computers,
repair lab equipment, order components, and solve a wide variety of issues,
technical and logistical.

• Repair hardware, recover data, and troubleshoot software issues.

Internship
Cybis-creative media & event productions, Washington, DC
Interned with production company during a Business Professionals of America Na-
tional Leadership Conference.

• Setup equipment, ran cabling, focused lights, and assisted in teardown.

Spring 2011

Projectionist/Manager
Morris Movie Theater, Morris, MN

Spring 2011 - Winter 2012
• Oversee all other jobs and staﬀ in the theater including tickets, concessions,

and janitorial.

• Open theater each evening, prepare for the night, operate the 35 mm ﬁlm
projector, record and report concession and ticket sales at the end of the night.

• Build and break ﬁlms as needed.

PROJECTS

Nerve (neurologically enhanced real-time virtual environment) Fall 2012 - Present
The goal of the project is to determine if current consumer brain computer interface
devices will act as a good interface for an immersed virtual environment.

PUBLICATIONS

”Eﬀectiveness of commodity BCI devices as means to control an immersive virtual
environment.” J. Thomas, S. Jungst, and P. Willemsen. Proceedings of the 1st sym-
posium on Spatial user interaction. ACM, 2013.

ACTIVITIES

IEEE Member
UMD ACM Club Member
ACM SIGGRAPH Member
Member of the Morris Area High School FIRST Robotics Team - 2008 to 2011

