Francisco Jesus Bellido Leiva 

110 Sage Street, Apt #318, Davis (CA) 95616 

fbleiva@hotmail.com 
(530) 302-7733 cell 

 

SKILLS: 

EDUCATION: 

EXPERIENCE: 

OBJECTIVE: Summer internship/career related to Water Issues (Resources Management, Treatment, Waterworks) in 
a Consulting Engineering Company. 
Bachelor of  Civil  and  Environmental  Engineering. University of Granada, Spain (5-year Bachelor). Degree 
Expected June, 2015. Average rate of 8.715 over 10.  
Study Abroad Program (2014 - ongoing) University of California, Davis. Complete my broad education in Spain with 
more specific Water Quality and Water Management graduate courses.  
Computer: Advanced proficiency in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Latex, email and Internet applications, Proficiency in 
MATLAB, Mathematica, Autocad, ArcMap, ArcScene, Experience with Ubuntu Language. 
Character Traits: Excellent teamwork and communication skills, Great independence and flexibility, High capacity 
of analysing, investigating and planning, sociable, culturally aware, and honest.  
Languages: Professional fluency in written and oral English, Spanish native speaker, Elementary knowledge of  
written and oral French. 
 
Environmental  Engineering  Intern. Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering (Environmental 
Dynamics Lab), University of California, Davis.  
                                                      9/2014 - ongoing 
•  Continuation of Lake Tanganyika Modeling Project and Ribarroja Reservoir Project. 
Environmental Engineering Intern. Water Institute of the University of Granada, Spain 
      7/2013 - 9/2014  
Investigated the estimation of the water velocity field at the Ribarroja Reservoir from the temperature and 
conductivity data collected at the Reservoir. The research included the development of MATLAB code.  
•  Analyzed the hydrodinamics of Lake Tanganyika in Africa, from the data colected in one CTD, one 
thermistor chain and one weather station near Kigoma. The research included running Si3D Model 
developed by Francisco Rueda (Fortran 90 code) with Ubuntu Terminal with several modifications to adapt 
it to Lake Tanganyika. 
Member, The Davis Student Chapter of The Wildlife Society, UC Davis                                                         9/2014 – present 
Intramural Soccer 8 and Futsal League, Captain of UCDavis EAP Team, UC Davis                                    9/2014 – present  
AEGEE Volunteer (International Student Association), University of Granada, Spain                               1/2012 – 12/2012  
Supervised foreign student groups in different association activities such as city gymkanas, sightseen trips, 
etc. 
Cellonius, different locations, Spain   
     9/2003 – 9/2011  
 
 
•  Perfomed the program of two cello orchestas (high and low ability level).  
Selected some music sheets for the concerts’ program.  
•  Coordinated younger members of the low level orchesta at the concerts.  
Member of Real Colegio Mayor de San Bartolomé y Santiago Lecture Club, Granada, Spain                     9/2010 - 6/2013  
Selected different books for reading, and scheduled the meetings to discuss the books. 
Formula Jóven Grant (only 100 grants of this type in Spain). This grant is awarded by Santander Bank according 
to the academic perfomance of the applicants. Provides financial aid for study abroad students. 

ACHIEVEMENTS/AWARDS: 

ACTIVITIES: 

• 

• 

• 

 

 

 

• 

 

 

 

