Nathan Hatch

Company

!

T (559) 930-0274 
nrhatch@ucdavis.edu

Proﬁle 
A second-year student at the University of California, Davis enrolled in the Hydrology major 
program, I am looking for a variety of jobs or internships to become more involved and 
integrated within the hydrology and engineering community. I am eager to understand the 
many processes involved in the resourcing and utilization of very easily, one of the most 
essential substances known to humans, water. During the summers, much of my time is 
spent in Fresno, CA, my hometown, or Davis, CA but I have the ﬂexibility to be available in 
the majority of California.  
Experience 
Research Station Assistant, Campbell Tract UC Davis - January 2015-present 
I record weather observations, precipitation measurements, calibrating, repairing, and 
installing various sensors. I will also be helping out with various research projects taking place 
at Campbell Tract or other locations on campus.  

Treasurer, UC Davis Men’s Club Ultimate Team — May 2014-present 
As treasurer of the club, I am in charge of managing all ﬁnancial information and transactions 
including providing reports of expenses and proﬁts from fundraisers to the UC Davis Sports 
Club Management. Includes budgeting the team’s food, uniforms, travel, tournaments, 
equipment, and facility usage costs and anything else related to the team.  

Student Outreach Chair, American Water Works Association - UC Davis —May 
2014-present 
In charge of communication with students at meetings. Organization of class talks, chalkings, 
and tabling events involved with the AWWA organization. Initiate meetings with welcoming 
tasks. Spokesperson for undergraduate population of the UC Davis chapter.  

Quality Control Manager, School Specialty; Fresno, CA – June 2013-August 2013 
In charge of quality control for all outgoing small pack items. Required auditing individual 
boxes ensuring all content is properly accounted for. Oversaw the maintenance of the 
standard of products shipped out. 

