 

	

	

								Pebble	Beach,	CA									
										

 

	

  

	

	
	

	
	

	
	

	
	

	

	
	

	
	

	
	

	
	

	
	

	
	

	
	

							
	

	
									

Planning	to	complete	150	credits	by	December	2018	

Copley	Library,	University	of	San	Diego		
Access	Services			

	

	

	

5998	Alcala	Park	|	San	Diego,	CA	92110	|	Phone:	(831)-224-3820	|	cchu@sandiego.edu	 
																

Christopher	Chu	

	

Experience																																																																																																																																																																																																					 
				
Abercrombie	and	Fitch		
	San	Diego,	CA 
				August	2016-Present	
Brand	Representative	

Education																																																																																																																																																																																																							 
	San	Diego,	CA 
										Expected:	December	2018 

	
University	of	San	Diego	
	
	
	
Bachelor	of	Accountancy	
	
	
Honors	Program,	Alcala	Scholar,	Dean’s	List,	First	Honors	
Accounting	GPA:	4.0	Overall	GPA:	3.74	
Accountancy	Coursework-Completed	
Principles	of	Managerial	Accounting:	In	Progress	
	
Principles	of	Financial	Accounting:	A			
Deloitte	Tax	Consulting	Simulator:	In	Progress 
•  Provided	excellent	customer	service	by	interacting	with	customers	to	identify	their		
needs	and	leading	them	to	matching	product.	
•  Worked	as	a	team	member	performing	cashier	duties,	product	assistance	and	cleaning.	
•  Prevented	store	losses	using	awareness,	attention	to	detail	and	integrity.	
•  Handled	the	circulation	desk	and	took	responsibility	for	the	library	operations.	
•  Responded	to	directional	and	location	inquiries	regarding	resource	material.	
•  Assisted	the	patrons	in	usage	of	printers	and	other	library	equipment.	
•  Taught	students	basic	and	intermediate	concepts	such	as	rigging	the	boat	and	maneuvering.	
•  Offered	both	group	and	one-on-one	demonstrations	in	class	and	on	the	ocean.		
•  Provided	a	fun	and	safe	experience	for	students	age	6-14.	
•  Responsible	for	Mystery	Snack	Mondays,	Halloweenfest,	Operation	Christmas	Child	and	more.				2015-2016	
•  Worked	extensively	with	USD	Community	Directors	as	well	as	other	hall	councils	to	prepare		
large-scale	projects.	
									2014-2015	
•  Provided	support	and	guidance	to	resident	students	adjusting	to	boarding	school.		
•  Planned	and	organized	activities	for	the	dorm	to	enhance	the	community’s	experience.		
•  Led	the	dry-land	workouts,	motivated	and	supported	teammates	through	practice												
						Spring	2015	
and	swim	meets.	
•  Assisted	coach	with	teaching	and	demonstrating	for	less	experienced	swimmers	and	newcomers.	
Microsoft	Excel	Certified	
Proficient	in	Microsoft	Word	
	
and	PowerPoint		
	
Sailing,	Swimming,	Video	Editing,	and	Skateboarding	
	
	

	
Skills																																																																																																																																																																																																																			

Leadership	&	Community	Service																																																																																																																																																				
Hall	Council	Member,	University	of	San	Diego	
	San	Diego,	CA			

CPR/First	Aid/AED	Certified					
	
	
	
	

	

	

Interests																																																																																																																																																																																																											

Royal	Hong	Kong	Yacht	Club		
Assistant	Sailing	Instructor	
	

	

	
	San	Diego,	CA 
												September	2015-Present 

Varsity	Swimming	Captain,	Stevenson	School									

							Hong	Kong,	China	
						Seasonal	2012-2016	

Residential	Advisor,	Stevenson	School	

								Pebble	Beach,	CA		

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	
	

	
	

	
	

	
	

	
		

	
	

	

	
	

	
	

	

		
	

	
	

	

	

	

