 

ELLINOR	D.	CARLSON	

 

University of Delaware  w  Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Department 
Delaware Biotechnology Institute  w  15 Innovation Way  w  Newark, DE 19711 

eds@udel.edu | 302-831-6168 

EDUCATION	
 
University of Delaware 

 

Ph.D. candidate in Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering 

Thesis Advisor: Terry E. Papoutsakis 

Thesis: “Enhancing Microbial Product Yields Through Mixotrophic Fermentation” 

Rheinisch-Westfälische Technische Hochschule Aachen 

M. Sc. in Molecular and Applied Biotechnology with a Concentration in 
Chemical Engineering  

University of Massachusetts, Amherst  

B. Sc. in Chemical Engineering with a Biochemistry Concentration   

	
WORK	EXPERIENCE	
 
Dec 2012-current  Graduate Researcher, University of Delaware 

 
Advisor: Dr. E. T. Papoutsakis 

	

Newark, DE  
 
Spring 2017 (expected) 

Aachen, Germany  
2010-2012 

Amherst, MA 
2006-2010 

feedstocks simultaneously 

integrations and plasmid based expression systems) 

Graduate Researcher, University of Delaware 
Advisor: Dr. W. Chen, University of Delaware, Co Advisor: Dr. L. Blank, RWTH Aachen 
Master Thesis: “Designing nano-enzyme scaffolds for the assembly of mini cellulosomes 
on the yeast cell surface” 

· Improving microbial fuel production from waste gases using a synthetic CO2 fixation pathway 
· Molecular Cloning and Engineering for synthetic pathway design (employing genomic 
· Designing new anaerobic enzyme activity assays 
· Developing new mixotrophic fermentation utilizing both carbohydrate and gaseous 
· Studying biofuel fermentation of anaerobic clostridia species on sugars and gases  
· Molecular Cloning and Engineering for protein assemblies in E. coli and Yeast 
· Synthetic Cellulosome assembly for consolidated bioprocessing 
· Investigated phosgene free synthesis of isocyanates 
· Studied the kinetics and equilibrium of isocyanate reaction pathways 
· Used results to understand the Bayer Material Science fire-resistant isocyanate foams 
· Studied catalytic de-waxing and directed high-throughput catalyst screening 
· Improved aromatic saturation of hydrocrackate by optimizing catalyst properties such as 
· Conducted independent research using algae as an alternative biomass feedstock for the 
· Studied the thermo-chemical decomposition of algae and characterized the decomposition 

zeolite to binder ratio, platinum loading and Si/Al ratio  
Research Assistant at University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA  
Advisor: Prof. George Huber 

process 
Summer Intern at ExxonMobil Corporation, Clinton, NJ 
ExxonMobil Process Research – Lubricants and Specialties 

Researcher at CAT Catalytic Center, ITMC, RWTH Aachen, Germany 

production of fuels and chemicals 

products (thermodynamics of algae pyrolysis) 

Jan 2012-June 
2012 

Nov 2010-Nov 
2011 

May 2010- Sept 
2010 

Jan 2008- May 
2010 

