 

 

 

 
ELISA M. OVADIA 
150 Academy St▪Colburn Laboratory 219▪Newark DE 19711▪818.648.6141▪eovadia@udel.edu 
 
EDUCATION 
Ph.D. Candidate 
University of Delaware, Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, Newark, DE 
 
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering 
University of California Santa Barbara, Department of Chemical Engineering, Santa Barbara, CA 
 
RESEARCH 
Graduate Research   
 
Research Advisor: Dr. April M. Kloxin 
University of Delaware, Department of Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering, Newark, DE 
Summary: Extracellular and Intracellular engineering approaches for modeling cell processes 
•  Developed a new approach for the incorporation and release of proteins from PEG hydrogels 

         January 2014-Present 

          August 2013-Present 

 
 
            

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      June 2013                               

using click chemistry  

differentiation  

•  Designed and produced lentiviral-based reporting systems for in situ monitoring of cells 
•  Created three-dimensional hydrogel-based culture models for stem cell culture and neural 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   Spring 2013 

 
Undergraduate Research 
Research Advisor: Dr. Michelle O’Malley 
UCSB, Department of Chemical Engineering, Santa Barbara, CA 
Summary: Engineering S. Cerevisiae for monomer production 
•  Genetic engineering of pYES vector 
•  Developed leading sequences for mitochondrial and cytosolic localization of gene expression  
•  Production of Methylacrylic Acid via engineered yeast 
 
NSF REU – The Colorado Center for Biorefining and Biofuels (C2B2)                   Summer 2012 
Research Advisor: Dr. Ryan Gill 
University of Colorado Boulder, Department of Chemical & Biological Engineering, Boulder, CO 
Summary: Development of E. coli strains with Improved Genome Engineering Properties 
•  Employed  PCR,  gel-electrophoresis,  and  recombineering  to  develop  eight  mutation  E.  coli 

strains consisting of permutations of modified proteins (DNA Polymerases I & II and mutS) 

•  Determined efficiency for recombineering using selective antibiotic plating  

•  Developed a highly efficient recombinant E. coli strain that can be applied for biofuel  

                         
 

Undergraduate Research 
Research Advisor: Dr. Eric McFarland 
UCSB, Department of Chemical Engineering, Santa Barbara, CA 
Summary: Design of Anaerobic Digester to quantify biofuel production 
• 
•  Quantified biofuel production via gas chromatography and mass spectrometry 
•  Participated in gas sample utilization and upkeep of the digester 

Integral team member in developing an in-house designed Anaerobic Digester schematic 

                  2010-2011 
 
            

    
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

LABORATORY SKILLS 
Hydrogel Synthesis, Peptide Synthesis, iPSC culture, lentiviral production, Mammalian Cell 
Culture, Flow Cytometry, qRT-PCR, Immunostaining, Confocal microscopy, HPLC, 1H NMR, 
PCR, Gel-Electrophoresis, Microbial Cell Culture, DNA Purification Protein Expression, DNA 
Electroporation, Gas Chromatography, Mass Spectrometry 

