  

     Spring 2013  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

         Fall 2014 

     Spring 2012 

 Fall 2011-Spring 2013 

 
Graduate Teaching Assistant for undergraduate level Thermodynamics I  
- Created solution keys for homework assignments 
- Gave weekly office hours and review sessions before exams 
- Managed and organized undergraduate graders on a weekly basis  
 
Undergraduate Teaching Assistant for Organic Chemistry Laboratory 
- Held office hours on a weekly basis to answer chemistry and laboratory report writing questions  
- Supervised students in laboratory experiments, showing proper techniques and behavior in lab 
 
Undergraduate Teaching Assistant for Thermodynamics II 
- Held weekly office hours to ensure students understood concepts and to provide help on homework 
assignments 
- Awarded TA position due to earning the highest grade in the class the previous year 
 
Undergraduate Tutor  
- Tutored undergraduate students in math, physics, chemistry, and introductory engineering classes 
- Helped with both homework assignments and understanding of material 
- Advised younger chemical engineering undergraduates on classes and research opportunities 
 
PUBLICATIONS AND SELECTED PRESENTATIONS 
 
Morris, M.A., Epps, T.H., “Single-ion conducting diblock terpolymer for use in lithium-ion battery 
electrolytes,” in preparation. 
Morris, M.A., Epps, T.H., “Elucidating the effects of blending and salt-doping in A-B/A polymer blends for 
lithium-ion battery electrolytes,” submitted to American Physical Society March Meeting, March 2017. (talk) 
Morris, M.A., Epps, T.H., “Single-ion conducting diblock terpolymers for lithium-ion batteries,” submitted 
to American Physical Society March Meeting, March 2017. (poster) 
Morris, M.A.*, Gartner, T.G.*, Epps, T.H., “Tuning Block Polymer Structure, Properties, and Processability 
for the Design of Efficient Nanostructured Materials Systems,” submitted to Macromolecular Chemistry and 
Physics, 2016. (*co-first authors) 
Morris, M.A., Epps, T.H., “Synthesis and characterization of single-ion conducting diblock terpolymers for 
lithium-ion batteries,” 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting. August 2016. (talk) 
Morris, M.A., Epps, T.H., “Synthesis and characterization of single-ion conducting polymers for lithium-ion 
batteries,” 251st American Chemical Society National Meeting. March 2016. (talk) 
 
AWARDS AND PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS  
 
University of Delaware Professional Development Award (2016) 
University of Delaware Robert L. Pigford Teaching Assistant Award, Chemical Engineering (2016) 
University of Delaware Laird Fellowship Finalist (2014) 
University of Delaware Pigford Fellowship (2013-2014) 
Passed Ph.D. qualifying exam with exceptional coursework 
SanPietro Travel Grant (summer 2013) 
American Physical Society (September 2016-present) 
American Chemical Society (August 2015-present) 

