tapan.patwardhan@gmail.com Ph: 214-236-7172  Tapan Patwardhan  425 Riverbend Pkwy Apt 54 Athens, GA 30605 USA SKILL SET Programming languages: C, C++,Java, HTML, XML, Java Script, SQL, JSP, CSS, OWL, RDF, PHP Database: Microsoft Access, Oracle, MySQL Operating Systems: Windows, Linux/Unix EDUCATION University of Georgia Masters of Science, Computer Science GPA: 4.0   Expected Graduation: Aug 2009 Thesis: Aerial Viewer - A Framework for air-based video Surveillance • Working to develop a framework to perform air based video surveillance. The system will detect ground activity and can be used for analyzing areas affected by emergency and for law enforcement. Subjects: Computer Networks, Database Systems, Algorithms, Computer Vision, Advanced Database Systems, Operating Systems, Enterprise Integration(Semantic Web) WORK EXPERIENCE Teaching Assistant, University of Georgia, GA Aug 2007 to Current • Working for the Department of Computer Science as an instructor for the course ‘Introduction to Computing & Programming’. Worked as grader for System Programming and Software Development courses. Summer Internship, Sipera Systems Inc, Richardson, TX Summer 2008 • Worked on Microsoft OCS – Installation and configuration of Consolidated Edge Server topology involving Remote client, Edge server and OCS server. • Developed a matrix of SIP call flows with features and Call Servers. PROJECTS FriendRanker: A Facebook Application  • Implemented a Facebook application that would rank friends according to the relationship and common photos between the friends. Operating System Features  • Studied and modified Nachos, an instructional operating system developed at University of California, Berkeley. Added different features like semaphores and monitors, to the kernel. Also implemented various system calls, virtual memory and multi-threaded file system. Texture based Image Analysis  • Implemented various algorithms for Image analysis on the basis of texture. Then compared the results of these algorithms.  Voice over IP(VoIP) for Peer to Peer Communication  • Designed and implemented an extensible framework in Java, enforcing on Object Oriented Design Principles. Voice session establishment between two computers was handled through the standard SIP(Session Initiation Protocol)  messages. Online Book Store Management System  • Implemented online Book Store Management system that used data extracted from www.ISBNdb.com to search for books and compared prices from various online book stores. Lab Monitoring Tool • Developed for the computer labs of our institute, in Java, capturing desktops of different computers simultaneously for the administrator to monitor the ongoing activities. ACTIVITIES & ACHIEVEMENTS • Passed National Mathematics and Science Olympiad Contest in 2001  • Distinctively passed National Cyber Olympiad Contest in 2002  • Won Intra House Chess Competition in School • Awarded H.H. Krishnaji Rao Paur Prize for best student musician in School 