Jianxia Chen Department of Computer Science, The University of Georgia,  Athens, GA 30602-7404 http://www.cs.uga.edu/~chen  Email: chen@cs.uga.edu  Cell Phone: 706-224-5042  SKILLS (cid:132) 4 years of extensive research experience in parallel and distributed systems  (cid:132) Solid knowledge of operating system: Unix, Linux and Windows  (cid:132) In depth knowledge of TCP/IP and network programming (cid:132) Strong programming experiences (10 years) in C/C++ and Java on Linux and Windows (cid:132) Other skills: Python, Matlab, Unix/Linux Shell Script, MPI, Pthread, MySQL, HTML, XML and JavaScript EDUCATION (cid:132) Ph.D. (Computer Science)      The University of Georgia (Fall 2005—present) (cid:132) Master of Engineering (Computer Science)   Xiamen University, China (2005) (cid:132) Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science)  Xiamen University, China (2002) RESEARCH & PROJECTS Message Aggregation and Redundancy Elimination in Publish-Subscribe Systems o Integrate partial event messages and eliminate message redundancy in large scale publish-subscribe systems o Reduce overall system message load and individual subscriber’s message load Light Weight Support for Continuous Queries on Large Scale Unstructured Overlay Networks o Heuristic algorithm of cluster resilient random walk for improved distribution of continuous queries o Dynamic query registration scheme to ensure steady performance of queries Distributed Peer-to-peer Network Simulator o Simulator runs simultaneously on multiple distributed processors and communicates via socket o Intelligently assign the P2P nodes to processor to reduce inter-processor communication overhead Video Surveillance System for Moving Targets o Detecting moving objects from complex background in real time video stream  Finger Print Image Preprocessing o Multiple-phase image processing technique to enhance finger print features WORK EXPERIENCE System Administrator  Bio-imaging Research Center, University of Georgia (Fall 2007 – present) o Unix/Linux/Windows/Netware/Citrix system administration and cross-platform communication o Neuroscience applications administration, MRI simulation systems and trouble shooting  o Coordinating with multiple departments on system architecture design and implementation Software Engineer (overseas intern)  USC DigiArk Co. Tokyo, Japan (Spring 2005) o Cross-platform wireless real-time video transfer on embedded systems o Architecture design, implement, trouble shooting and performance evaluation o Team work with foreign engineers using different languages Software Engineer (intern)  eHealthInsurance (Xiamen) R&D Center (Spring and Summer 2002) o Simulate the customer behavior at commercial health insurance website  o Website and database performance evaluation based on simulated customer behavior PUBLICATIONS 1. Jianxia Chen, Lakshmish Ramaswamy and David Lowenthal. “Towards Efficient Event Aggregation in a Decentralized Publish-Subscribe System”. Submitted to ACM DEBS 2009 2. Lakshmish Ramaswamy and Jianxia chen. “The CoQUOS Approach to Continuous Queries over Unstructured Overlays”. Submitted to IEEE Transactions on Data Engineering. 3. Jianxia Chen, Lakshmish Ramaswamy and Archana Meka. "Message Diffusion in Unstructured Overlay Networks", IEEE NCA 2007  4. Lakshmish Ramaswamy, Jianxia Chen and Piyush Parate. "CoQUOS: Lightweight Support to Continuous Queries on Unstructured Overlays". IEEE IPDPS 2007 (Acceptance Rate: 26%) 5. Lakshmish Ramaswamy, Arun Iyengar and Jianxia Chen. "Cooperative Data Placement and Replication in Edge Cache Networks". CollaborateCom 2006 6. Lakshmish Ramaswamy and Jianxia Chen. "Efficient Delivery of Dynamic Content: The Cooperative EC Grid Project". CollaborateCom 2005  