Undergraduates Seeking Internships

Jessica.alzamora@yale.edu 
http://jalzamora8.wix.com/jessicaalzamora 
(813) 532 - 7138 

JESSICA ALZAMORA 
EDUCATION 
Strawberry Crest High School – International Baccalaureate Diploma Recipient       
Yale University –Mechanical Engineering                                                                                                                 May 2018 Graduation 
University Fellowships/ Research 
•  Independent Research Course (2016 Fall semester) - Developing methodologies and tools to teach fabrication methodologies 

 

for rapid prototyping (STEM focused using 3D-printed headphones as a teaching tool for grade 3-college students). 

 

•  Yale University Center for Engineering Innovation and Design Summer Fellowship (paid fellowship) – Summer 2015 

  Spent 10 weeks working on designing and developing a small and compact device that uses environmental factors to power a 

UVC LED based water disinfection unit 

  Focused on designing a device that would be useful in disaster relief environments  
  On-going project with goals of applying for a provisional patent, 2017 and field testing (Nicaragua) by spring of 2018.  

•  Student Researcher: Professor Jaehong Kim 
•  University of South Florida – Research Internship (paid internship) – Summer 2014 

  Independent research on the application of calculus to the study of group dynamics and interactions among team members.   

•  University of Florida – SSTP (Student Science Training Program)  - Summer 2013 

  Independent research on the impact of using grammatical statistics to improve Natural Language Processing for virtual 

patients.  Under the supervision of Dr. Benjamin Lok in the Virtual Experiences Research Group.   

EMPLOYMENT 
•  Center for Engineering Innovation and Design Student Design Aid (Fall 2015 – current) 

-  Part of the CEID staff. Responsible for supervising and holding “expert hours” in the Design Space, leading workshops and 
helping students build, design, and work through homework and personal projects.  Ensures studio space is clean, orders 
supplies, maintains equipment, and manages tools.   Design Aids are chosen for their skills in prototyping, knowledge of 
power tools, ability to mentor, and excitement to learn. (http://ceid.yale.edu/) 

-  Featured in CEID intro video:  http://news.yale.edu/2016/11/16/center-engineering-innovation-and-design-celebrates-

fourth-birthday-looks-future 

•  Intern at Robert A. M. Stern Architects (Summer 2016): worked as an intern in the model shop, developing working, design and 

final models for Robert A.M. Stern projects 

•  Yale University Engineering Department Tour Guide (Summer 2015 – current) 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  
•  Yale Design for America (program focused on applying human centered design to local challenges) 

  Studio Lead (President) 2015-2017: Responsible for organizing projects, mentors, community partners, weekly lessons, 

speakers, events across Yale as well as communication with the National Chapter of Design for America. 

  2016-2017 Projects: (Project Lead in addition to Studio Lead) 

-  Redesigning the VA hospital/shelter experience 
-  Redesigning the experience of entering a family shelter through the eyes of children (with a focus on decreasing trauma) 
  2015-2016 Project:  “Redesigning the airport experience” - utilizing the diversity of people in the airport to create a transient 

community to improve aspects of air travel (airport boredom, lack of activities, etc.) 

  Chief Financial Officer (2014-2015): Responsible for Yale’s DFA’s budget, purchases, and all expenditures 
  2014-2015 Project:  Re-designed New Havens St. Pauls’ clothing closet.  (Project won a $20,000 funding award) 
  Workshop Leader: for Design for America; Yale Class ENAS 115; variety of community organizations. 

•  DFA representative on the Aetna Foundation grant project: developing a social entrepreneurship curriculum for New Haven 

high school students  (to be implemented Spring of 2017) 

•  Yale Autonomous Vehicles Club:  

  Design Team Member 2014-2015: Included design, research, and fabrication (including carbon fiber layup) of the Yale 

autonomous robotic sailboat to compete in the International Robotic Sailing Regatta 

•  Yale Dramat  

  Assistant Set Designer for Proud to Present (Mainstage) - current 
  Assistant Set Designer The Importance of Being Earnest (including designing and building a flying tree) 
  Assistant Set Designer for Icarus (Mainstage):  Assistant under professional set designer Christopher Heilman. 
  Head Rigger for Ermeni (Spring Production): In charge of all rigging and rigging crew for the sets. 

•  Yale Women’s Rugby Team 

