Ph.D.

NRIPESH PARAJULI 

100 Whitney Ave, Apt 5, New Haven, CT, 06510 | 203-931-5265 | nripesh.parajuli@yale.edu 

 

New Haven, CT 
Expected Aug 2017 
May 2014 

EDUCATION 
Yale University  
PhD, Electrical Engineering 
MS, Electrical Engineering 
 
Lafayette College  
BS, Electrical & Computer Engineering (Minor: Mathematics) 
GPA: 3.82, Honors: Tau Beta Pi, Eta Kappa Nu 
 
SUMMARY STATEMENT 
 
A highly self-motivated individual who thrives in a collaborative setting and brings depth and breadth from 
the fields of signal processing, computer vision and machine learning to the table. 
 
COMPUTING SKILLS 
Languages 

Easton, PA 
May 2012 

•  Python, MATLAB, Java, and C/C++. 

Skills 

•  Machine learning and statistical packages such as Keras, Scikit-learn, Scipy, Numpy and NLTK in 

Python and Image/Signal Processing Toolboxes in MATLAB.   

•  Object oriented design and development of algorithms and data structures in Java, Python and C++. 

 
RELEVANT COURSEWORK 

•  Computer Vision and Biological Perception, Biomedical Image Processing, Stochastic Processes, 
Convex Optimization, Data Mining and Machine Learning, Probability and Estimation theory for 
Image Analysis, Natural Language Processing. 

•  Software Engineering, Data Structures, Algorithms. 

 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
IBM Research 
Internship 

Almaden, CA 
June 2015 – Sept 2015 

•  Worked in a team of 4 to develop algorithms for automatic detection of Aortic Stenosis from Doppler 

Echocardiography images.  

•  Developed and implemented an ECG extraction algorithm from Echocardiographic images, which 

was more accurate and significantly more robust than pre-existing method. The algorithm was 
reported in a recent publication and is also part of a recent IBM patent filing.   
In collaboration with a language processing scientist, cross-referenced and correlated 5000 
Echocardiographic images and corresponding text files and presented findings to other colleagues 
and interns.   

• 

 
Alcatel Lucent (Bell Labs) 
Internship 

•  Wrote Python scripts to assist the retrieval of over 1000 employee documents and transfer the 

information in the documents to a database.  

•  Developed a web application (HTML, JavaScript) to search and extract information from the 

database, which was used by 3 other employees upon completion. 

 
RESEARCH EXPERIENCE 
Yale University 
PhD Research – (Supervisor: Dr. James Duncan) 

Murray Hill, NJ 
June 2012 – Aug 2012 

New Haven, CT 
Fall 2012 – Present 

