 

 
TEACHING AND MENTORING EXPERIENCE 
Graduate Teaching Fellow: Environmental Technology for the Developing World          Spring 2015, 2016 
Assisted in teaching ENVE 410, a senior-level undergraduate engineering course centered around planning and 
executing a week-long trip to rural communities in Nicaragua to analyze water and air quality, advise local non-
governmental organizations on public health initiatives, and install water treatment systems.  

 

Ph.D.

 

 

 

 

Advisor: Engineering Innovation & Design                                                                                        Fall 2015 

Worked with groups of freshmen in ENAS 118 to modify particulate matter monitoring units to be worn by 
women in Nicaragua during the spring 2016 ENVE 410 trip to more accurately quantify human exposure. 

Women in Science at Yale Graduate Student Mentor 

                     

 

                2015–present 

 

Met regularly with female Yale undergraduates interested in STEM majors to give advice on choosing a major, 
balancing academics and extra-curricular activities, and navigating future graduate school and career options.  
Summer Science Research Institute Mentor                                                                             Summer 2014 

Oversaw two students from local New Haven high schools in a study of water quality parameters and their 
significance. Supervised students’ laboratory work and fieldwork analyzing local water quality. 

 

 

Yale Center for Teaching and Learning Workshop Series Participant                         Spring 2015, Fall 2016 

Four-week workshops: Fundamentals of Teaching in the Sciences, Diversity and Inclusion 

 
LEADERSHIP AND OUTREACH EXPERIENCE 
                   Spring 2017 
Equity in the Job Search Departmental Seminar Organizing Committee 
  Helped organize a one-day seminar on tools for navigating the barriers undermining women in STEM disciplines. 
                2015–present 
Society of Women Engineers (SWE) Outreach Organizer and Volunteer 

 

 

 

 

Worked with Yale’s graduate chapter of SWE to run local outreach events designed to foster local female 
students’ interest in STEM and to organize networking and professional development events on campus.  

 

 

New Haven Science Fair Judge 
AEESP 2015 Conference Student Organizing Committee 

                                                          Spring 2014, 2015 
             Fall 2014–Summer 2015 

       

Role: Technical program and printed media supervisor. Designed and executed the printed technical program 
distributed to over 500 conference attendees, as well as additional handouts and conference signage. 
Organized registration and other activities throughout the conference. 

 

 

 

 

Yale Graduate Student Recruitment Committee 

 

      

 

 

                   Spring 2014 

Yale Pathways to Science Volunteer 

Part of a four-person committee selected by the department head to organize the visit of 11 prospective 
graduate students admitted to the program. Organized faculty meetings, laboratory visits, and social activities. 
                       Fall 2013–present 
Volunteered for events welcoming new students from local public schools to the Pathways to Science program. 
Helped organize and run the program’s Pathways to Engineering outreach day during the summer of 2014. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PRESENTATIONS 
“Triplet–triplet annihilation for semiconductor photocatalyst sensitization using sub-bandgap photons: Initial 

 

successes and applications in environmental remediation.” 252nd ACS National Meeting, Philadelphia, PA. Oral 
presentation. August 23, 2016. 

 
“Triplet–triplet annihilation upconversion in the aqueous and dry phases: Challenges, solutions, and more 

problems.” Pacifichem 2015, Honolulu, HI. Oral presentation. December 15, 2015. 

 
“Dual-sensitizer triplet–triplet annihilation upconversion: Broadband absorption for enhanced performance in solar 

applications.” 13th Annual Robert M. Langer Symposium, New Haven, CT. Oral presentation. December 11, 2015. 

 
“Dual-sensitizer triplet–triplet annihilation upconversion: Towards more broadband absorption for enhanced 

performance in solar applications.” 250th ACS National Meeting, Boston, MA. Oral presentation. August 16, 2015. 

 
“Enhanced emission from a dual-sensitizer triplet–triplet annihilation upconversion system.” AEESP 2015 

Conference, New Haven, CT. Poster presentation. June 15, 2015. 

 
“The role of acyl carrier protein identity in cyanobacterial alkane biosynthesis.” 4th Annual Penn State REU 

Symposium, State College, PA. Oral and poster presentation. August 2, 2012. 

 
“Analysis of conformational changes in thrombin mutants and their effects on thrombomodulin binding.” 2010 

MERCURY Consortium Conference, Clinton, NY. Poster presentation. August 1, 2010. 

SeniorsM.S.Ph.D.Post-DocsUndergraduates Seeking Internships