SENIORS

 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

Education 

Hyve, New Haven, CT  
Independent Contractor 

              
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

• 
 
Leadership and Outreach Experience 
Yale Center for Engineering, Innovation, and Design 

Technical Experience 
Yale University Biomechanics and Control Lab, New Haven, CT 
Researcher 

  Alexander C. Lee 
 
(309) 531-5668 
Home: 15 Stoney Court, Bloomington, IL 61704 
 
 
 
Alexander.lee@yale.edu 
             
 
Current: PO Box #203575, New Haven, CT 06520 
 
Yale College, New Haven, CT  
 
 
 
 
 
May 2017 
 
GPA: 3.66 
 
 
B.S. in Mechanical Engineering (ABET)  
 
GMAT: 770 
 
Coursework: Innovation, Engineering, & Design; Mechanical Design Implementation; 
 
GRE: 167V/170M 
Dynamics; Mechatronics; Computer Engineering; Electronics; Linear Algebra; 
 
 
Ordinary & Partial Differential Equations; Thermodynamics & Lab; Fluid Mechanics; 
  University High School, Normal, IL  
 
 
 
 
May 2013     
GPA: 4.0 
 
 
 
 
 
High School Diploma, Valedictorian 
Sept. 2015 –  
Present 
•  Designed experiment to test PI’s hypothesis regarding the effects of reactionary, non-work forces upon body 
orientation stability of two-legged jumpers 
•  Used SolidWorks for simulation, design, and Matlab script verification purposes 
•  Designed and created model of pelvic joints for working mechanical jumper 
•  Designed set-up of and conducted data collection using Vicon Nexus and FastCam set-up 
Jun. 2016 – 
Sept. 2016 
•  Completed proof of concept for new device to help professionals respond to fallen elderly 
•  Designed device exterior to house electronics with analysis to demonstrate robust structure 
Integrated hardware modules using Arduino and C 
Sept. 2016 –  
Design Aide  
Present 
 
 
•  Consulted for undergraduate and graduate engineering projects at weekly expert hours  
•  Ran workshops to introduce key engineering software and concepts to underclassmen 
Sept. 2015 – 
Present 
Served as point of contact between ASME chapters, Yale faculty, and Engineering students 
Instigated the annual Engineering Career Panel and STEM Extra-Curricular Bazaar  
May 2014 –  
Oct. 2016 
•  Raised over $25,000 through performances at schools, public venues, and corporate events 
•  Negotiated the contracts and planned the timetable for the recording, editing, mixing, mastering,  
and distributing of the album “120” 
•  Co-founded, served on the Out of the Blue Alumni Capital Fund board, attained company 501c (3) status 
Jan. 2016 
•  Wrote proposal to use asteroid collisions to create a Mars atmosphere capable of sustaining water 
Richard U. Light Fellowship Award 
 
 
 
Feb. 2015 
•  Awarded full tuition and transportation scholarship to further Mandarin language study at the  
Beijing Language and Culture University with the Harvard Beijing Academy Program 
 
 
 
Jan. 2015 
•  Wrote proposal to analytically find stable planetary orbits around binary star systems 
 Skills and Other Interests 
Software: SolidWorks, AutoCad, CorelDraw, Excel, IgorPro, Vicon Bodybuilder, LaTex 
Script: C++, MatLab, Arduino 
Tools: Makerbot 3D Printer, Laser Cutter, Drill Press, CNC Mill, Lathe, Hand tools 
Other Interests: Rock Climbing, Tennis, Ultimate, A Cappella, Ping-pong, Rapid Prototyping and Design 

Yale University Branch of American Society of Mechanical Engineers 
Treasurer (past), Vice-President (current) 
• 
• 

Awards and Distinctions 
The University Physics Competition Bronze Medal 

The University Physics Competition Silver Medal 

 
Business Manager, Rush Manager, Tour Manager, performing member  

 

 

 

 

 

  Out of the Blue, Inc.   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

