Post-Docs

■ A. Roncone, M. Hoffmann, U. Pattacini, G. Metta. Learning Peripersonal space representation through artificial
skin for avoidance and reaching with whole body surface. In 2015 IEEE-RSJ Int. Conf. On Intelligent Robots and
Systems - IROS ‘15.
■ A. Roncone, U. Pattacini, G. Metta, L. Natale. Gaze stabilization for humanoid robots: a comprehensive framework. In
2014 IEEE-RAS Int. Conf. on Humanoid Robots - HUMANOIDS ’14.
■ A. Roncone, M. Hoffmann, U. Pattacini, G. Metta. Automatic kinematic chain calibration using artificial skin: self-
touch in the iCub humanoid robot. In 2014 IEEE Int. Conf. Robotics and Automation - ICRA ‘14.
■ S. R. Fanello, U. Pattacini, I. Gori, V. Tikhanoff, M. Randazzo, A. Roncone, F. Odone, and G. Metta. 3D stereo
estimation and fully automated learning of eye-hand coordination in humanoid robots. In 2014 IEEE-RAS Int. Conf. on
Humanoid Robots - HUMANOIDS ’14.

MISC

■ Invited keynote speaker at the Synthetic Method in Social Robotics workshop, held at the 2016 International
Conference on Social Robotics (ICSR ‘16). My talk dealt with the topic of Artificial Sociality in human-robot
collaboration.
■ Guest Lecturer at the Intelligent Robotics Course in Yale University (2015 and 2016). I introduced students to
the iCub platform and the research we perform at the Italian Institute of Technology. The title of my talk was iCub
- a shared platform for research in Robotics and AI.
■ Teaching assistant at the 2015 CBMM Summer School, organized by a number of MIT lab groups and affiliates. I
focused on tutoring students during their projects with the iCub. A notable achievement has been the integration
of Google Glass onto the YARP framework, that has been later used in order to perform head/gaze teleoperation.
■ Organizer of the “Development of body representations in humans and robots” workshop, with Matej Hoffmann,
Lorenzo Jamone, and Beata Grzyb. It was a half-day workshop at the ICDL-EPIROB 2014 Conference, in Genova, IT.
■ Proud of being featured on the IEEE Spectrum Video Friday with a video related to my 2014 ICRA paper on self-
calibration: http://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/robotics-software/video-friday-robot-racecar-kilobot-
display-humanoid-skin

SKILLS

■ Research Engineer with extensive background in a number of different fields, from Humanoid Robotics to
Human-Robot Interaction. Interests: robotics, kinematics, computer vision, tactile sensing, calibration, machine
learning, sensor fusion, multisensory integration.
■C++ developer, with a deep knowledge of the YARP and iCub software libraries. Growing experience with the ROS
middleware and the Baxter robot. Familiar with the implementation and maintenance of cross-platform software
for Linux, Windows, OSx (CMake). Comfortable with different versioning systems (cvs, svn, git). Proficient with
Matlab/R, IPOPT, OpenCV, Bash, HTML5, CSS, Java/Android programming.
■ Proven ability to manage multiple projects and supervise multiple people while meeting challenging deadlines.
Supervised and trained technicians, Ph.D. students, and postdoctoral researchers, adapting to various scientific
levels and backgrounds.
■ Substantial background in applying optimization techniques to real-world robotic applications. Experience
with control engineering and signal processing.
■ Strong presentation/communication skills thanks to experience in giving both technical and non-technical
talks to both small and big groups, tailoring to the audience. Presented to major international robotics
conferences, as well as several outreach events, ranging from fairs to live TV shows and various interviews.
■ Able to carry out well-executed engineering projects with an eye to clean, scalable code deployment and
making things - really - work.
■ Pragmatic: able to look at problems and solve them in the most logical way possible.
■ Demonstrated ability to work both independently and in team settings. Able to value input from others even if it
comes from people who are reporting to me. Able to understand what motivates the people I am working with, and
to leverage on their strengths and weaknesses in order to optimally distribute the amount of work a complex
project is composed of. Able to delegate: something assigned to everyone is assigned to no one.
■ Long-time Linux user with deep knowledge of the Linux/UNIX OS, and active contributor of the Linux FOSS
community.

SeniorsM.S.Ph.D.Post-DocsUndergraduates Seeking Internships