Ph.D.

Joseph Ryan Petrulli 

jryanpetrulli@gmail.com • (412) 841-7059 

 

Summary: 
 
A National Science Foundation graduate research fellow with 5 years of positron emission tomography 
(PET) imaging experience. Will complete a PhD thesis focused on a novel PET tracer used in lung cancer 
(11C-erlotinib)  for  use  in  personalized  cancer  treatment  and  radiation  dosimetry.  Organized,  self-driven 
researcher who has employed quantitative image analysis techniques for varied applications in radiology, 
oncology, psychiatry, and dosimetry for over 7 years.  
Education:  
 
Yale University 

 

2014 Biomedical Engineering, Master of Science 
2015 Biomedical Engineering, Master of Philosophy 
2017 Biomedical Engineering, Doctor of Philosophy (expected) 

University of Pittsburgh 

2012 Bioengineering, Bachelor of Science 
2012 Chemistry, Minor 
GPA: 3.59/4.00 

 
 
Research Experience: 
 
Graduate Student - Yale University PET Center   
Thesis Mentor: Evan Morris (PhD) 

 

 

June 2012 - Present 

•  Characterized  the  radiation  dosimetry,  kinetic  modeling,  and  specific  binding  of  11C-erlotinib 
through my thesis research. I am the primary author of a manuscript focused on how to use this 
radiotracer in accordance with FDA regulatory policy. 

•  Aided in the authorship of grant R01 CA195493-01 which extended the use of 11C-erlotinib into 
cancer patients. I act as the manager of this project and am involved in all areas of its execution 
including subject recruitment and consent, coordination of experimental procedures with PET staff, 
data analysis, and presentation of findings.  

•  Collaborated  in  neuroscience  projects  primarily  concerning  the  role  of  dopamine  in  the  brain 
following various drug challenges. I have worked with other departments at Yale and with a major 
pharmaceutical  company  regarding  how  to  plan,  perform,  revise,  and  present  an  appropriate 
pharmacological study. 

Research Assistant - Geriatric Psychiatry Neuroimaging Laboratory 
Mentor: Howard Aizenstein (MD, PhD) 

December 2010 - May 2012  

 

•  Presented a research study to general science and image analysis audiences regarding the effects of 
aging on white matter volume as quantified by MRI. Applied image processing techniques such as 
registration and segmentation in order to explore a clinical question. 
 

Applicable Skills: 
 
General Skills  Project management, collaboration, experimental design, grant writing, literature reviews 
Matlab, Linux Clients, OLINDA, 3D Slicer, ITK Snap, SPM, Bioimage Suite, C3D Image 
Programs 
Converter, Epic Hyperspace, EndNote 

Image Analysis  Compartmental  modeling,  image  registration/deformation,  fMRI  task  processing, 

radiation dosimetry, image transformation, texture analysis, practical programming  

 

 

