Ph.D.

• 

• 

• 

• 

	

	

	

	
	

	

ACADEMICS,	HONORS,	AND	AWARDS	

PhD	Student,	Chemical	and	Environmental	Engineering		

CAMRYNN	“Cammie”	L.	FAUSEY	

SCIENCE,	MATHEMATICS	AND	RESEARCH	FOR	TRANSFORMATION	(SMART)	SCHOLARSHIP	

Majors:	Systems	Engineering	|	Economics;	Minors:	Business	|	Science	and	Technology	Policy			

•  One	of	three	students	selected	to	participate	as	sophomores	during	school’s	inaugural	year.			

42	Giles	Street,	Hamden,	CT	06517;	camrynn.fausey@yale.edu	540-514-5449	
YALE	UNIVERSITY,	SCHOOL	OF	ENGINEERING	AND	APPLIED	SCIENCES			
New	Haven,	CT	
2015-current	(estimated	completion	2020)	
•  National	Science	Foundation	Graduate	Research	Fellow	
Currently	designing	a	multi-layered,	modular	water	filter	for	the	developing	world,	which	sequentially	targets	
organics,	bacteria	and	metals	using	“green”	products	such	as	crustacean	shells	and	plant	fibers.		
	UNIVERSITY	OF	VIRGINIA,	SCHOOL	OF	ENGINEERING	AND	APPLIED	SCIENCES			
Charlottesville,	VA	
May	2013	
•  Overall	GPA	3.73,	High	Distinction,	Deans	List,	Intermediate	Honors,	Tau	Beta	Pi	
•  2013	School	of	Engineering	and	Applied	Sciences	Outstanding	Student:	one	of	four	students	to	receive	
highest	Engineering	School	graduation	award	based	on	academic	performance,	leadership,	and	service.	
•  Rodman	Scholar	(top	5%	of	engineering	class)		
Lawn	Residency,	selected	among	residents	(the	55	top-honor	UVA	seniors)	as	Head	Resident	
•  National	Society	of	Collegiate	Scholars,	National	Residence	Hall	Honorary	(2010)	
•  2013	Algernon	Sydney	Sullivan	Award	recipient	for	“demonstrated	notable	character,	integrity,	and	service”	
•  Raven	Society,	one	of	three	juniors	selected	for	society	fall	2011;	served	on	Scholarship	Selection	Committee	
•  McIntire	School	of	Music	studied	classical	and	jazz	under	Dave	Matthews	Band	pianist	
Languages:	English,	Hindi	(Landour	Language	School,	Mussoorie,	India),	and	Latin	
	UVA	STUDY	ABROAD:	DELHI	(2012):	Studied	the	interface	of	culture	and	sanitation	technology	in	Delhi,	India.	
	MOUNTAIN	VISTA	GOVERNOR’S	SCHOOL	for	science,	math	and	technology-gifted	students		
•  Top	Ten	Research	Project	Finalist.		Satellite	Orbital	Determination	with	Variants	(2006-2008)	
Selected	by	the	Department	of	Defense	as	one	of	300	from	a	pool	of	several	thousand	2011	applicants	
and	 1500	 semifinalists.		The	two-year	scholarship	includes	a	 cash	 award	 of	 $50,000,	 full	 tuition,	
employment	 upon	 graduation,	approved	related	education	needs	at	the	University	of	Virginia,	health	
insurance	funding,	a	book	allowance	of	up	to	$1,000	per	year,	and	internship	and	orientation	travel	expenses.			
	National	Merit	Commendation;	The	Office	of	Naval	Research	Naval	Science	Award;	Peer-reviewed	Publication:	
A	 Proposal	 for	 a	 Federal	 Mentorship	 Initiative	 (Engineering	 Spectra	 Research	 Journal);	Publication	at	 Systems	 and	
Information	 Engineering	 Design	 Symposium,	 Charlottesville,	 VA,	 IEEE:	“The	Development	Clearinghouse:	
Collecting	and	Distributing	Information	on	Water	and	Sanitation	Non-Governmental	Organizations.”	1st	Place	in	the	
Undergraduate	Research	Network	Symposium	(1st	in	humanities	division	and	also	winner	among	all	divisions);	1st	
Place	Presidential	Poster	Competition;	2nd	Place	UVA	Science,	Technology,	&	Entrepreneurship	Competition		
	Yale	School	of	Engineering,	Teaching	Assistant		
2017-Current	
•  Assisted	with	grading	and	teaching	Introduction	to	Environmental	Engineering	to	20	undergraduate	students.		
United	States	Marine	Corps,	Amphibious	Assault	Vehicle	Engineer	and	Project	Manager	
2012-2015	
•  Engineered	algorithms	to	determine	cost-effective	ways	to	address	mission	failures	of	amphibious	tanks	in	
theater.	Led	engineering	efforts	for	the	Logistics	Vehicle	System	Replacement,	composed	performance	
specifications,	assisted	follow-on	production	testing,	modeled	vehicle	parts,	directed	innovation	research	
teams,	and	selected	as	one	of	six	technical	evaluators	for	a	$100M	source	selection.	Secret	Security	Clearance.	
•  Completed	a	three-month	rotation	with	the	Secretary	of	Defense	facilitating	the	development	of	the	
Amphibious	Combat	Vehicle	and	revamping	measures	of	performance	by	which	the	Department	of	Defense	
evaluates	their	vehicle	programs.		Because	of	her	impact,	Pentagon	leadership	requested	Cammie	remain	
and	complete	a	2nd	rotation.	Thus,	she	continued	and	directed	the	India	Defense	Trade	&	Technology	
Initiative	with	the	Assistant	Secretary	of	Defense,	interfacing	in	Hindi	with	the	Ambassador	of	India	and	
coordinating	with	the	Indian	government	the	co-production	and	co-development	of	17	military	technologies.		
HiComm,	Start-up	Co-Founder	and	Team	Mentor	
2012-2013	
•  Pioneered	an	SMS-based	web	application	that	allows	community	partners	and	NGO	project	managers	to	
communicate	at	low	cost	using	already-existing	cellular	networks.		Supervised	a	team	of	five	UVA	development	
engineers.	Selected	for	Darden	Entrepreneurship	Incubator	and	received	First	Place	in	the	UVA	Presi-
dential	Poster	Competition.	Future	clients	may	include	US	Dept.	of	State	and	African/Asian	Dev.	Banks.		

WORK	EXPERIENCE	

	

	

 

