Qingshi Tu, E.I.T/ zerateltu85@gmail.com  

Post-Docs

 

5.  Evaluation of GHG reduction and economic feasibility of converting campus waste into renewable energy at the 
University of Cincinnati (UC): waste cooking oil-to-biodiesel, waste paper-to-fuel pellets, and food waste-to biogas 

6.  Implications of biodiesel production on water resources in the US (funded by US EPA) 

- Comprehensive review and analysis of the water consumption and wastewater generation involved in feedstock 
growth and manufacturing processes of biodiesel production in the US. 

•  Experiment design and process simulation 

1.  Utilization of the trap grease for biodiesel production (funded by US EPA P3 grant: SU835291) 

-  Develop  novel  extraction  and  conversion  technologies  for  utilizing  trap  grease  as the  feedstock  for  biodiesel 
production, such as hydrothermal liquefaction for biocrude 

2.  Glycerolysis as a pretreatment technology for the oil derived from trap grease for biodiesel production 

(funded by US EPA P3 grant: SU835291) 
- Process simulation of glycerolysis as a high FFA oil pretreatment step in ChemCAD®  
- Use the “GREENSCOPE” tool developed by US EPA to assess the sustainability of the glycerolysis process 

3.  Beneficial reuse of waste coffee grounds (WCGs) for biodiesel production  

-  Develop  novel  extraction  and  conversion  technologies  for  utilizing  WCGs  as  the  feedstock  for  biodiesel 
production 
- Prepare adsorbents from the WCGs recovered from biodiesel production step 
- Test the performance of the adsorbents for purifying the biodiesel. 

4.  Characterization of the emission of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from the oxidation and pyrolysis of 

carbon nanotubes (funded by National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health) 

5.  Kinetic study on the acid esterification of waste cooking oil with high free fatty acid concentration for biodiesel 

production  

 
Publications 
Kwan TA, Tu Q, Zimmerman J. Simultaneous extraction, fractionation, and enrichment of microalgal triacyglycerides by 

exploiting the tenability of neat supercritical carbon dioxide. ACS Sustainable Chemistry & Engineering, 4 (11), 
6222-6230, 2016. 

Tu Q, Wang J, Lu M, Brougham A, Lu T. A solvent-free approach to extract the lipid fraction from sewer grease for 

biodiesel production. Waste Management, 54, 126-130, 2016. 

Tu Q, McDonnell, B. Monte Carlo analysis of life cycle energy consumption and greenhouse gas (GHG) emission for 

biodiesel production from trap grease. Journal of Cleaner Production, 112, 2674-2683, 2016 

Tu Q, Lu M, Yang YJ. Water consumption estimates of the biodiesel process in the US. Clean Technologies and 

Tu Q, Lu M, Thiansathit W, Keener T. Review of water use and water savings in the algal biofuel process. Water 

Tu Q, Zhu C, McAvoy D. Converting campus waste into renewable energy: a case study for the University of Cincinnati. 

Environmental Policy,18(2), 507-516, 2016 

Environment Research, 88 (1), 21-28, 2016 

Waste Management, 39, 258-265, 2015  

Chai M, Tu Q, Lu M, Yang YJ. Esterification pretreatment of free fatty acid in biodiesel production, from laboratory to 

industry. Fuel Processing Technology, 125, 106-113, 2014.   

 
Selected Scholarships & Awards 
•  The Jacqueline Shields Memorial Scholarship 
•  The John David Eye Scholarship 
•  1st place winner of student poster contest at LCA XIV conference 
•  Best student paper of One Water Ohio WEA-AWWA 2014 conference 
•  The Richard C. Wigger Scholarship 
•  The Scarpino Award for Best Master of Science Thesis 
•  University of Cincinnati Graduate Student Governance Association (GSGA)’s Research Fellowship 
•  2nd Place in 2011 Master Level Student Platform Paper Award -104th Air & Waste Management Association’s Annual 

Conference and Exhibition 

 

2 

SeniorsM.S.Ph.D.Post-DocsUndergraduates Seeking Internships