Post-Docs

 

Qingshi Tu, E.I.T/ zerateltu85@gmail.com  

Qingshi Tu, PhD 

Education 
PhD in Environmental Engineering (University of Cincinnati)                         
MS in Environmental Engineering (University of Cincinnati) 
BE in Environmental Engineering (Univ. of Shanghai for Sci. &Technol.)       
 
Research Interests 
Biofuels, green chemistry, green engineering, life cycle assessment (LCA), process simulation, waste-to-energy (WTE)  
 
Knowledge and Skills 
•  Agent-based  modeling (ABM), air pollution control, data mining, environmental chemistry, LCA, life cycle costing 

       
        2012-2015  
           
        2009-2012 
                     2004-2008 

   
 

 

(LCC), Multi-objective optimization (MOO), process simulation, and techno-economic analysis (TEA) 

•  Programming language: Python, R, VBA 
•  Other software: Aspen Plus, ChemCAD, SimaPro, Quantis Suite 
•  Operation of GC-MS, HPLC, AA, UV-Vis, IC and TOC 
 
Employment 
•  Yale University (Center for Green Chemistry and Green Engineering) 
 

 

 

 

Postdoctoral Associate 
-  Acquire life cycle inventory data for emerging technologies via process simulation 
-  Study the environmental, economic and social impacts of the emerging technologies, as well as their potential impact 

          (02/2016-present) 

 

 

 

 

on the sustainability of the relevant industrial sectors, via: LCA, LCC, TEA, MOO and ABM 

-  Tool  development:  transform  research  results  into  visualized  tools  that  can  aid  the  stakeholders  in  technology 

development, policy-making, and education & outreach. 

•  Quantis International 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

LCA analyst  
-  Conduct LCA for products of different industries, including food, beverage, IT and construction materials. 
-  Develop tools for clients to track, improve and report corporate sustainability performances 
-  Develop EPDs; CDP reporting 

         

        (06/2015-01/2016) 

 
 

   
 

 

 

       

        (01/2010-06/2015) 

•  University of Cincinnati  

 
Graduate research assistant  
-  Conduct research projects; design and initiate new research topics 
-  Lab management 
-  Help with proposal writing and grant application 

       
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Research Experiences by Expertise 
•  LCA and modeling 

1.  Reinventing Aging Infrastructure for Nutrient Management (RAINmgt) (funded by US EPA grant: RD835569) 

- Life cycle assessment of centralized/decentralized infrastructure. The infrastructure efforts are primarily centered 
on  work  related  to  resource  and  energy  recovery  from  wastewater,  which  covers conventional  and  emerging 
technologies including source separation and green infrastructure.  

2.  Life cycle assessment of biorefinery systems 

- The  biorefinery  assessments  focus  on  conventional  and  emerging  technologies,  including  hydrothermal 
liquefaction, supercritical fluid extraction/reaction systems, and integrated biorefinery systems. 

3.  Life cycle analysis of GHG emission and energy consumption for the trap grease-to-biodiesel process (funded by 

US EPA P3 grant: SU835291) 
- Methodology and life cycle model development in Python 
- Uncertainty analysis by Monte Carlo simulation  

4.  Implementation of integrated waste-to-energy production at the wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs): an 

evaluation of GHG reduction and economics 
-  Create an Excel model to evaluate the GHG emission and economics of the integration of waste FOG-to-

biodiesel, biosolids-to-biogas, and algae-to-biodiesel technology pathways at a WWTP. 

 

1 

