Undergraduates Seeking Internships

MICHAEL  J.  MATTESSICH 

P.O. Box 205743 
New Haven, CT 06520 

michael.mattessich@yale.edu 
714-552-3544

EDUCATION   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

WORK 
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

ACTIVITIES   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ATHLETICS 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

Yale University, New Haven, CT 
- Bachelor of Science, double major: Chemical Engineering and Economics 
- Energy Studies Multidisciplinary Academic Program, Department of Geology and Geophysics 
- Relevant coursework:  Financial Accounting, Nanotechnology for Energy, Macro Economics 
 
Yale Study Abroad, Paris, France 
Studying Belle Epoque period literature and engaging in French culture 

Expected Graduation: December, 2018

June – July, 2015

Foothill High School, Santa Ana, CA 
Diploma: June, 2014 

SAT: 2400 

June – August, 2016
Responsibilities included prospecting donors in Texas, relationship management at the  
$10K contribution level, and researching energy-related groups.  I delivered a targeted- 
marketing presentation to senior management, which will be used over the next year.  

Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, New York, NY 
 
 
 
Research Report on the Syrian Refugee Crisis, Ankara, Turkey 
 
 
 
Yale Model United Nations Reports, New Haven, CT 
 
 
Campaign: Ugonna Eze for Ward 1, New Haven, CT 
 
 
Pacific Enterprise Bank, Orange County, CA 
 
 

 

 

I spent two weeks in Istanbul, Ankara, and Izmir documenting the refugee crisis for a  
Yale-funded magazine.  I met with the Minister to the EU, the Chief of Staff of President  
Erdogan, Syrian families, and many NGO leaders, among others.   

May – December, 2015

I co-wrote thirty-page reports, one on Turkey-EU relations and the other on South  
American drug cartels in preparation for two Model UN conferences.  

April – November, 2015
I fundraised over $5,200 for a Yale student-held position in city government.  I nationally  
contacted interested donors and managed the campaign up through election day. 

January, 2016

Responsibilities included researching small business loan programs in western states,  
creating a geotag system on collateralized trucks, and building Excel systems 

July – August, 2015

Fall, 2014 – Present
A refinement of skills-based leadership through speakers and teaching at the Yale School  
of Management.  Speakers have included an Army Officer and a VP of General Electric.  

Leadership Education and Development at Yale SOM 
 
 
Oil Painting 
 
William F. Buckley, Jr. Program at Yale 
 
 
The Tory Party 
 
 
Building Bridges, Fujian, China 
 
 

I was awarded a grant from Yale, and I paint whenever possible. 

Spring, 2015 – Present
A program dedicated to intellectual diversity and discourse, mostly through speaker and  
seminar series.  I was sponsored to be a Buckley Scholar in NYC for Summer 2016.  

Fall, 2014 – Present

I deliver speeches on weekly topics with the purpose of intuitive moral discussion.  I  
acted as Secretary in Fall 2016, supporting speakers with questions on their speeches. 

March, 2015
I co-planned and attended a two week program in Shanghai and Fujian China in which  
Yale students lived on a tea farm and each taught a class in English at a rural school. 

 

SOCAL Water Polo 
 
Yale Men’s Water Polo 
 
 

1st Place USA Junior Olympics 16U Division, 1st Place USA Club Championships 

Fall, 2014 – Present
I currently serve as Captain and served as Business Manager for the 2015 academic year.  
Primary duties include creating practice plans and leading the team at tournaments.  

2004 – 2014

AFFILIATIONS 
 
 

 

Yale Political Union,  Yale International Relations Association, Chi Psi Fraternity, 
Yale Undergraduate Diversified Investment Group,  Kiwanis Club 

PROFICIENCIES 

AutoCAD,  Java,  Advanced Excel

