•  Collaborating with clinicians at Yale Medical School and researchers at University of Washington to 

develop cardiac motion tracking algorithms (from Echocardiographic images) that can be used for the 
diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular diseases.  

•  Developed a MATLAB GUI for interactive contouring which is currently also used by 2 other lab 

members. This eliminated the need of a non-MATLAB software and streamlined overall workflow 
while dealing with large 3D+time image datasets.  

Ph.D.

•  Used PCA and SVM to classify healthy and unhealthy heart surfaces for a challenge at the STACOM 

workshop in MICCAI 2015 conference – results were 3rd best overall (out of 11 groups).  

•  Currently using CNNs (convolutional neural nets) to match 3D image patches for tracking purposes. 

This approach has significantly outperformed other handcrafted feature matching approaches.  

•  Presented results to clinicians and collaborators on a monthly basis. Reported methods and outcomes 

in academic conferences resulting in posters and peer-reviewed conference proceedings.  

 
Lafayette College 
Honors thesis research project 

EXTRA-CIRRICULAR EXPERIENCE 
Yale University 
Teaching fellow  

•  Demonstrated, via computer simulations, the feasibility of developing band pass filters using 

memristors (a novel semiconductor device) at integrated circuit level. 
 

•  Served as a Teaching assistant for: Computing for Engineers and Scientists (ENAS 151), 

Computational methods for the Analysis and Modeling of Biological Data (CPSC 453), etc.  
•  Conduct office hours/help sessions and grade assignments for about 10-20 students weekly. 

New Haven, CT 
Fall 2012 – Spring 2012 

New Haven, CT 
Aug 2013 – Dec 2016 

October 2014 

January 2017 

 
Hackathons 
Yale Healthcare Hackathon 

 
Yale Healthcare Hackathon 

images.  

  
 

• 

In a team of 4, conceived and developed technical and business plans for an app for dental health 
diagnosis and management aimed at low income communities in developing countries. Was awarded 
the highest social impact award.  

•  Developed a deep learning method to predict the presence of malignant nodules in 3D Lung CT 

•  Augmented the deep learning model with radiologists’ eye tracking data to further improve accuracy. 

SELECTED PUBLICATIONS 
Peer reviewed conference proceedings 

•  Parajuli, Nripesh, et al. "Integrated Dynamic Shape Tracking and RF Speckle Tracking for Cardiac 
Motion Analysis." International Conference on Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted 
Intervention. Springer International Publishing, 2016.  

•  Parajuli, Nripesh, Allen Lu, and James S. Duncan. “Left Ventricle Classification Using Active Shape 

Model and Support Vector Machine.” Statistical Atlases and Computational Models of the Heart. 
Imaging and Modeling Challenges. Springer International Publishing, 2015. 154-161.  

 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Languages: Nepali (native), English (fluent). 
Interests: Soccer, hiking, camping, squash and coding projects in Python and Android. 

SeniorsM.S.Ph.D.Post-DocsUndergraduates Seeking Internships