SENIORS

devansh.tandon@yale.edu 
Education		
Yale	University	|	New	Haven,	CT	

 

Devansh Tandon 

 

 

          (608) 358 6379 

 

	

	

 

	

	

	

 

	

	

	

 

	

	

	

	

	

	

									Expected	Dec	2017	

	

	

			Summer	2015	

	

					2013	

Bachelor	of	Science	in	Computer	Science,	Economics;	GPA	3.94/4	
Relevant	Coursework:	Data	Structures	&	Algorithms,	Systems	Programming,	Intelligent	Robotics,	Machine	Learning,	
Technology	&	Entrepreneurship,	Intermediate	Microeconomics,	Intermediate	Macroeconomics,	Econometrics	

University	of	Cambridge	|	Cambridge,	UK	

Sanskriti	School	|	New	Delhi,	India	

Research	on	International	Relations	and	Development	under	Prof.	Mayall	at	the	Global	Summer	Program	

Achieved	96.5%	in	the	Indian	CBSE	Class	XII	Examination	(99.99	percentile	of	850,000	students	across	India)	

Experience	
Google	|	Product	Technology	Manager	Intern	

	

	

	

	

	

	

			Summer	2016	

Initiated	development	of	new	internal	tools,	working	with	multiple	stakeholders,	engineers	and	vendors.	Distilled	
product	ideas	into	a	roadmap	and	requirement	documents	approved	by	management	–	~30	FTE	savings	expected.	
Wrote	an	automated	alerts	algorithm	to	detect	regressions	using	statistical	modeling	and	ML	(TensorFlow).	

Yale	University	|	Teaching	Fellow	

					2015	
Taught	90-minute	weekly	sections	on	CS	fundamentals,	software	design	and	algorithmic	thinking.	Graded	problem	sets,	
held	office	hours,	and	served	as	primary	contact	for	students	in	CS50,	a	Harvard-Yale	CS	course.	Won	best	TF	award.	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

IBM	|	Project	Management	and	Software	Engineering	Intern	

	

	

	

	

			Summer	2015	

Translated	client	business	requirements	to	technical	specifications	and	use-cases.	Designed	MobileFirst	iOS	apps	to	
provide	business	intelligence	and	analytics,	customized	for	client	needs.	Developed	an	enterprise	solution	for	an	
airline	that	led	to	70%	reduction	in	per-check-in	cost	compared	to	traditional	counter	check-in.		
	

The	Brookings	Institution	|	Research	Intern	 	

			Summer	2015	

	

	

	

	

	

Edited	and	contributed	to	a	book	on	education	in	India,	drawing	recommendations	and	policy	insights	from	leaders	in	
the	field.	Published	research	findings	in	two	essays.	Organized	panel	discussions	and	launch	for	the	book.		

IBM	|	Project	Management	and	Software	Engineering	Intern	

	

	

	

				

			Summer	2014	

Presented	a	case	study	on	Smarter	Transportation	projects	at	IBM,	focusing	on	a	road	user-charging	project	for	
Norway;	Designed	and	developed	an	Android	app	to	add	mobile	functionality	to	project	with	cross-functional	team.	

Leadership	and	Activities	
Yale	International	Student	Organization	|	Vice	President	

	

	

	

	

	

		2013	–	Present	

Led	the	expansion	of	the	ISO	to	the	largest	undergraduate	student	organization	at	Yale.	Served	as	liaison	between	the	
administration	and	ISO.	Organized	college-wide	debates	and	panel	discussions	with	global	leaders.	
				

The	Leadership	Institute	at	Yale	|	LI	Fellow	 	

	2013	–	Present	

	

	

	

	

	

Worked	with	faculty	mentors	from	the	Yale	School	of	Management	on	developing	leadership	skills	through	workshops	
and	one-on-one	mentoring.	Focused	on	public	speaking,	conflict	mediation	and	team	management	skills.		

Projects	
Bulldog	Bots	(Yale	Undergraduate	Robotics)	|	Technical	Lead	

		2013	–	Present	
Designed,	constructed,	and	programmed	a	fully	autonomous	maze-solving	robot	that	navigates	to	the	center	of	a	maze	
in	the	shortest	time	possible	using	Dijkstra’s	algorithm.	Led	the	team	to	2nd	place	at	the	Brown	IEEE	Robotics	Olympiad.		
								Spring	2015	

	

	

	

	

	

Matchbox	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

Built	a	crowdsourced	matchmaking	app	that	enables	your	friends	to	match	you.	Built	a	Flask	web-app	MVP	and	a	
cross-platform	app	using	Meteor,	winning	$1000	in	Yale	pitch	competition.		

Computer:	Proficient	in	C,	Java,	Scheme,	Stata;	Experience	with	JavaScript,	Python,	Swift,	R	

 

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

