Nane Amiryan

267-978-4488 nanea@mit.edu

EDUCATION

Massachusetts Institute of Technology     
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program
          
Yerevan State University      
Master of Economics, Honors, GPA-4.00         

• Winner of a Business Plan Competition written among fifty students of Economics Department.

Yerevan State University             
Bachelor of Economics, Honors, GPA-3.98         

Cambridge, MA                                                                   

          Expected June 2015

            Yerevan, Armenia           

2009

           Yerevan, Armenia

2007               

•
•

Led team of seven students to victory in intellectual competition at Economics Department for two years in a row.
Led student group to conduct charitable activities for the student union.

EXPERIENCE 

Nersisyan, Inc.  (Car transportation company.)
Philadelphia, PA
Operations Manager                                                                                                                                                                  2012-2014

• Analyzed the market conditions and created a business plan for car shipping services and suggested changing the direction of 

•

•

•

the existing business. The newly established business surpassed its first year’s targets in five months.
Recommended changing the one-directional route to multi-stop route system. As a result, the number of loads increased by 
four times, which in turn resulted in 40% increase in profits.
Created a more efficient system for arrangements of time and place of deliveries and pickups, resulting in 25% reduction in 
total time of the trip and 15% reduction of fuel costs.
Established relationships with well-known brokerage firms and signed contracts with two major auto auction companies 
resulting in $180,000 in new revenue, representing 30% of total firm revenue.

Nersisyan, Inc.  (Car transportation company.)            
Philadelphia, PA
Operations Manager                                                                                                                                                                   2011-2012

• Applied effective changes to prevent the declining sales of the company, reducing total costs by 8% and increasing sales by 
4%. These included introducing the idea of travel time charge and organizing advertisements on Google, local newspapers, 
USA Today, and radio stations. 

American Devices, Inc.                                                                                                                                                      Feasterville, PA
Assistant Manager                                                                                                                                                                      2009-2011                                                

•

Compared several price quotes through analytic research and selected the most efficient combination of price and quantity,
resulting in $170,000 in overall annual savings.

• Negotiated with part suppliers and minimized the delivery time of ordered parts. Improved inventory

turnover by implementing new inventory checking methods and updating product quantities in stock, leading to an increase 
in reputation and increase in annual sales volume by 7%.  

ADDITIONAL

Volunteer Work:

Sarah Care Adult Day Care Center - initiated special Reunion Program for immigrant adults.

•
• Apostolic Church - taught English and assisted in career placements for 15 adults, held class twice a week for 2-3 hours.

Languages: Armenian (native), English (Fluent), Russian (Fluent).
Technical skills: Microsoft Office, Tableau
Interests: Piano (Recently organized a piano party at Sarah Care Day Care Center); Chess (a common sport in Armenia, have played 
regularly since childhood); Swimming.
Legal Status: U.S. Permanent Resident

4

