 

 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

         

  
 

 

 
 
    

 
   
 
 

     
 
 

Selected accomplishments: 

Selected accomplishments: 

MANISH KUMAR 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA  

     

 
      Gurgaon, India 
                                         Apr’13-Jul’14 

           

 
      
 
 
            

 
Manager/ A.M. - Sourcing & Supplies  

              
     June’15 
              Mar’04 
 
              June’02 
  

 
Professional Experience 
 
Amway India Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., a mid-sized FMCG company  
 
Manager- Supplier Development       

 617-949-9582   manishk@mit.edu    http://in.linkedin.com/in/manishk1980/ 
 Education 
 
 
 
Master of Eng. in Logistics, Supply Chain Management program  
 LBS Institute of Management, India 
      
 
 
Post-Graduate Diploma in Business Management,  
 
 
 Punjab Tech. University, India 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bachelor of Engineering (Chemical Technology) 
Established agile & robust supplier development processes and implemented new supply chain metrics 
  Accepted the challenge of new role in the company and conducted a record 15 supplier qualifications in 1st year 
Segmented top 80% suppliers to enable & fast-track varied procurement efforts like consolidation/ risk mitigation and 
sourcing strategy creation. Improved On-Time-In-Full metrics by as much as 25% 
  Conceptualized & implemented supply chain dashboard with global metrics like Total Economic Value and working 
capital savings in India leading to enhanced focus and faster reaction from top management 
 Amway India Enterprises Pvt. Ltd. 
Managed Contract Manufacturing and MRP (Material Resource Planning) activities for 25% of the products 
  Achieved on time launch for Nutrition SKUs contributing $ 6mn to annual revenue along with delivering 20% cost 
saving. Led project steps like supply chain setup, sign-offs & production scheduling for launch 
  Managed supplies from 8 3rd party manufacturers accounting for 25% of total revenue of the company 
  Delivered critical color cosmetics launch ($ 3.5mn in annual revenue) within tight profit margins & timelines 
 Apollo Tyres Ltd., India’s largest tyre company  
Held positions across Distribution Planning, Demand Planning and OEM Supply Planning 
Implemented and maintained SAP-APO-DP module in the organization. The project involved demand analysis, systemic 
design changes and finally implementation on SAP 5.0 platform 
Improved forecasting accuracy by 15% through re-categorization of SKUs and multi-level collaborative demand 
forecasting supported by data analytics 
  Reduced regional transportation cost by 5% through supply network planning and frequent loads with SKU mix 
 DS Group 
           Noida, India 
Worked in the planning and systems area 
  Created an organization wide reporting structure for tobacco division. The structure included the in-transit status, 
stocks at various locations and the demand numbers 
  Created a comprehensive supply chain manual for the organization within 6 months of joining 
 Additional: 
Implemented kaizen event for “Effective Liquidation of Obsolete/excess inventory” 
  Represented my college in badminton and cricket tournaments. I have passion for sports 
Languages: English, Hindi, Punjabi 

Selected accomplishments: 
 

           
 

      Gurgaon, India 
              Jan' 06-Nov'08 

 
              Gurgaon, India 
                     Nov'08- Mar’13 

Associate Manager-Supply Chain Management   

 
              May’04- Jan’06 

Associate Manager- Supply Chain 

Selected accomplishments: 

 
 
            

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
  

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

23

