ÁNGEL POYATO AYUSO 
Edgerton House, 143 Albany Street, Cambridge MA; (623) 428-3611; poyato@mit.edu  

 

INDUSTRIAL ENGINEER  

SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST
  ANALYTICS 

 GLOBAL MINDSET 

 

EDUCATION 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
Master of Engineering in Logistics and Supply Chain, Sloan Certificate in Sustainability  
 
Thunderbird School of Global Management 
Certificate of Advanced Global Studies (Honors) 
 
Indian School of Business 
Master in Business Administration, concentration in Marketing 
  La Caixa Full tuition merit scholarship for academic excellence and leadership 

 

 COMMUNICATION 

Cambridge, MA, USA 
June 2015 
 
Phoenix, AZ, USA 
April 2014 
 
Hyderabad, India 

April 2014          

 
 
University of Jaen                                                                                                                                             
Jaen, Spain 
Bachelor of Engineering, double major in Industrial and Telecommunications Engineering                                                                                                                              
February 2009 
  Graduated among the top 5 students. Study abroad: thesis developed at Tokyo University of Science (Japan). 

 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Talgo 
Senior Buyer and Sourcing Coordinator, Purchasing Department 
  Coordinated the purchasing localization project for interior train parts in Kazakhstan; developed relationships 

Madrid, Spain 
Jan 2012 - Jan 2013 

with local suppliers; negotiated contract terms; resulted in an increase of local content by 10%. 

  Led technical audits together with the Quality department for train projects in Russia (Moscow-Kiev and 

Moscow-Berlin) and Saudi Arabia (Mecca-Medina pilgrim train), ensuring that suppliers met quality standards 
and improving compliance. 

  Created and developed a network of suppliers in China; outsourced the production of components, achieved 

savings of 0,5 million €. 

Robert Bosch 
International Management Program in Supply Chain (Germany – Spain) 
  Managed key projects between Spain and Germany with rotations in several departments (Logistics, 
Purchasing and Controlling) aiming to enhance supply main management efficiency between the two 
countries.  

Madrid, Spain 
Sept 2010 - Dec 2011 

  Coordinated a Production Transfer Ratio Project by integrating suppliers information, coupling production 

needs and monitoring transportation, resulting in savings of 200.000 € a year.  

Seville, Spain 
Airbus Military-EADS 
    May 2009 - May 2010 
Change Agent, LEAN Manufacturing 
  Coordinated a LEAN project for the Skins Program (aero structure of the A320 aircraft fuselage), conducted a 

 

Value Stream Mapping process; reduced lead time by 20% and inventory stock by 15%. 
Implemented and installed new manufacturing information system aiming to monitor and enhance production 
workflow. 
 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Languages: 
Computer Skills: 
Activities: 

Spanish (native), English (fluent), German (intermediate), French (basic) 
SAP R/3 Materials Management, R, Spotfire, JMP, Tableau, Microsoft Project, Excel 
Volunteer at the Non-Profit Organization “Crossroads International” as a Software 
Engineer reviewing the accessibility compliance with the WCAG 2.0 of the United Nations 
website ‘business.un.org’. Hong Kong (China). Summer 2010. 

    

34

