 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

YANIV ROSENBERG 
yanivr@mit.edu • 774-285-2565 
EDUCATION 
  
 
___ 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)                           
           Cambridge, MA 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management program                                      June 2015 
 
Ort Braude College  
              Karmiel, Israel 
Bachelors of Technology- Industrial Engineering and Management                                    September 2004 
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
AMCG (USA) LTD, USA leading Israeli management consulting firm           
Senior Consultant - managed projects for leading companies as a business analyst, operations 
consultant, and a project manager; led multiple functional teams; reported to clients’ senior managers 
•

Built a comprehensive model to accurately forecast (w/less than 2% error) demand for a digital 
printing client; used it to build annual budgets, increase responsiveness to trends, eliminate 
supplies shortage and expedited shipments as well as smoothen production; WW implementation.  
Changed the compensation structure for the sales force of a big client (>$500M) from fixed to 
performance based pay; influenced senior managers and sales managers to embrace the change. 
Performed big data analysis using advance technics in Excel, Access, SQL, and VB programing to 
solve complex problems and to provide deep business insight. 

 
___ 
      2008 -  2014 

•

•

  

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

• Worked as a lean production/Six Sigma consultant to drive operations efficiency; pointed out 

dated processes, redundant routines, and communication issues among different departments. 
Built and controlled the schedule for major capacity projects in the semiconductor industry. 

•

 

•

 

 

AMCG , Israel  
Operation Consultant – consulted a large semiconductor company in operation optimization to 
increase throughput; as onsite representative, consulted senior managers in multiple projects 
• Won a complex production optimization project competing with 2 other companies based on superior 

                 

   2006 -  2008

 

 

 

 

results of a pilot project and despite a much higher rate.  
Built  dispatch  rules  at  several  production  stations  –  interviewed  operators  and  function  managers, 
analyzed complex data, designed optimal solutions, and presented to factory manager.   

• Held a leading role in major projects, including capacity ramp and R&D Projects in the semiconductor 
industry,  by  taking  full  responsibility  for  scheduling  activities,  ensuring  well  defined  project  goals, 
analyzing data and trends, implementing risk management processes, and reporting project status to 
obtain upper management support.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      2005 – 2006 

Built production plans, monitored progress, solved conflicts, and generated management reports.  

 
Elbit Systems Ltd., Israel  
Project Manager, Reported to VP of operations 
•
• Main coordinator with daughter concern in Romania.  
 
Kukula, Israel 
 
Owner, Founder of a direct sales business in clothes and beauty products 
•
• Managed 30 sales people to set and achieve sales and growth targets. 
ADDITIONAL 
Military Service - Developed foundations of leadership in the founding team of the squadron as team leader 
Master level skills in MS Excel, MS Access, Visual Basic, SQL, Tableau, MS Project; good in Visual Paradigm 
35

Built the profitable business from scratch with almost no initial investment. 

                                               

      2003-2005   

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

