HECTOR RAFAEL PEREZ WARIO 
70 Pacific Street Apt. 491C, Cambridge, 02139 Massachusetts                 
Mobile (857) 928-0871    |    hperezw@mit.edu 
 

                                   

 

EDUCATION 
 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
 
Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program 
 
Universidad Panamericana Campus Guadalajara    
Bachelor Degree in Civil Engineering and Management  
 
 
Hogeschool Utrecht   
 
Bachelor Degree in Civil Engineering and Built Environment   
  
EXPERIENCE 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

       
 

             
 

                     
 

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

 
 

 
  

FABRITEC STRUCTURES, LLC  
Fabric architecture contractor, featured projects include London Olympic and BC Place stadiums. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

         

 

                     Cambridge, MA 
                             June 2015 

             Guadalajara, México  
               July 2008 
 

 
 

 

    Utrecht, Holland 
              June 2008 

         Dallas, Texas 

Project Management Consultant 
 

          May 2013 –  July 2014 
Designed and developed the business and sales plan for the new Latin America division. This plan secured continuity and profitability of the 
division.  
 
Coordinated a small but high skill team of designers, architects and engineers, together we tackled complex infrastructure projects. 
  Managed business development and sales operations, closing three large scale projects with a revenue of more than 8 million usd.   
 

Reported directly to the President of the Company.  

               

 

 

 

 

 

  
INTEGRAL ENGINEERING 
Envisioned a startup of lean six sigma project management to complex construction projects. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

Owner 
 
 

 
Developed a flexible schedule of works and engineering program for Monterrey Line 3 Train stations.  
Engineered construction plan for Espacio Elite Shopping Center located in Zapopan, Mexico.  

        

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  Zapopan, Mexico 

       February 2013 

 
BIRDAIR, INC 
  
Leader in tensile architecture industry with more than 100 stadiums and several complex structures.   
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

             Amherst, New York 

 

                                                       February 2012 – January 2013 

Project and Business Development Manager   
 
 

Involved in new product development, part of the Tensotherm® fabric development. 
Reported  to  Senior  Vice  President  of  Sales  and  Vice  President  of  Operations  and  managed  five  full  time  employees  and  ten  part  time 
consultants.  
Increased market share from 1 million usd in 2011 to 6 million usd in 2013.  
Developed strong relations with remarkable developers in Latin America. 
Developed an integral sales plan to decentralize the operations from Amherst  resulting in 50% reduction of operation overhead and a 20% 
increase in net profits.  
 

 
 
 

 
Project Manager Latin America  
  Managed logistics between customers and manufacturing and / or construction department.  
  Managed client’s communication and interaction, coordinated cash flow and payment schedules.   
 
 
 

Supervised Installation procedures and engineering quality control.  
Increased historical overall project profit sourcing from local suppliers and optimizing global purchase supply chain. 
Established new construction methodology for Latin America countries, using local resources.  

    

 

 

 

 

       September 2010 – February 2011 

 

Project Engineer  
 
 
 

 

 

 

        

               

 

 

       February 2009 – September 2010 

Developed structural models with plastic analysis in main elements, this initiative reduced the material costs in three projects in Mexico.  
Developed routines in AutoLISP to increase productivity of drafting engineering.  
Designed Loading Criteria software for the entire company, the routine calculates the exact wind pressure and coefficients saving one hour of 
engineering time, around 150,000 usd of engineering savings per year.      

 
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE 

Introduction to Complexity, online course Santa Fe Institute   
Technical drawing and AUTOCAD teacher at Liceo del Valle High School  
Attended two Structural Engineering courses: Finite Element and Plastic Analysis, Imperial College London 
         
Six months internship for Dutch contractor Heijmans Infra, NV  
Part time Process Control Engineer for WE clothing factory outside Utrecht, the Netherlands  
       
One year part-time estimator engineer for Torrena Tower telecommunications project  
 
Int’l Economics and Cross-Cultural Management diploma, University of Applied Sciences Schmalkalden, Germany  
Fluent in English and French (certified) Spanish (native language) and B1 level for Dutch and German 

        
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

      2013  
 
              2010-2012  
       2008  
 
 
       2008  
 
       2008  
              2006-2007  
 
       2006  

33

