BERNARDA SERRANO 

550 Memorial Drive. Apt. 4D-1, Cambridge, MA 02139 • +1 6175951591 • bserrano@mit.edu 

EDUCATION 
 
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, Cambridge - MA                                                                                            Expected Jun. 2017 

Master of Engineering in Logistics, Supply Chain Management Program 

INSTITUTO TECNOLOGICO Y DE ESTUDIOS SUPERIORES DE MONTERREY (ITESM), Queretaro - Mexico                                      2008 – 2012 

    Awards   •    SCM Fellowship 

 

B.A. International Business 

    Relevant courses: Intl. Logistics, Quantitative Methods for Making Decisions, Projects Evaluation, Operations Management. 
    Social Responsibility Coordinator - International Business Students Association (2010). 
    Awards   •   High Academic Performance Scholarship - 90% off tuition fees.    

 •   Academic award given to the 10% of students with the highest GPA (3.7/4.0).  
•  Diploma for Excellence in Comprehensive Development. 

Study Abroad: EDHEC Business School, Lille - France, Fall 2011.  

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
EXPERIENCE  
 
                             
ZAIMELLA, Quito - Ecuador 
Production Planner – Supply Chain Department  
                                   Mar. – Jul. 2016 
- Production Planning: Arranged production plan for the absorbents line of one of the largest local companies in the consumer goods 
industry: baby diapers, incontinency underwear and feminine pads. Orders’ fulfillment above 95% in the last 5 months.  
-  Resource  planning:  Administrated  allocation  of  resources  in  order  to  minimize  overtime  hours  and  machines’  downtime. 
Improvement of 33% on USD/ ton produced from February to June.  

 
Purchasing Planner – Supply Chain Department  
                                                                                                        Feb. 2014 – Feb. 2016 
- Inventory level control: Reduced average inventory levels for raw and packaging material. Minimized losses generated by expired 
chemical products or obsolete materials by implementing consumption plans before they become out-of-date.  
- Purchasing planning: Determined the best conditions (price, MOQ, lead time) for regular purchases from local suppliers. Performed 
follow-up on orders. Monitored delivery schedules.  
- Suppliers management: Searched for cost reductions and explored alternative suppliers. Collaborated with suppliers on designing 
action plans for fulfilling QA agreements.    
- New developments: Analyzed biddings for new products and determined the best offer based on price/quality relationship, MOQ 
and lead time. Participated in the launch of five new product lines and several new brands’ image. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
ZOETIS, Quito – Ecuador 
Purchasing Analyst – Supply Chain Department 
- Shipments tracking: Tracked shipments of animal health products coming from international plants located mainly in the US, Brazil 
and Europe. Coordinated import processes with the Customs broker.  
- Reporting: Generated reports of: Demand plan compliance for the sales force (weekly), logistic operator’s KPI fulfillment (weekly), 
actual and projected expenses for the Financial Department (monthly).     
- Logistic Operator bidding: Adapted the original documents from the parent company (Pfizer Inc.) to Zoetis’ local context. Analyzed 
prices and conditions. Participated in negotiations with the selected supplier. 

                         Mar. 2013 – Feb 2014 

 
CNH DE MEXICO, Queretaro - Mexico                                                                                                                                                 Mar. – Sep. 2012  
Purchasing Intern - Platform Department 
- Parts  requirements  fulfilment:  Oversaw  the  delivery  of  parts  for  new  developments  of  agricultural  tractors.  Collected  technical 
information from foreign suppliers. Coordinated internal approval of technical specifications for each part.  

 

 
ADDITIONAL 
Skills: Good command of SQL, JUMP, MS Office,  ERP JDE Edwards (Oracle). Fluent in Spanish (Native) & English (TOEFL Ibt: 114). 
Volunteerism: TECHO Mexico (QRO) - Communications Area Coordinator in 2012. Volunteer from 2010  to 2011.  
Interests •  Volleyball: Member of ITESM varsity team, 2008-2009. Los Pinos Highschool Alumni 2016 Tournament, 2nd place. 

 •  Choral Singing: Several performances at ITESM. Organized a staff choir at Zaimella for Christmas in 2014 and 2015.  

