 
Yale University, New Haven, CT 
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Electrical Engineering, Expected May 2018 
Cumulative GPA: 3.63 (Major GPA: 3.73) 
SAT: 800 Writing, 770 Math, 710 Reading 
SAT Subject Tests: 780 Math 2, 750 Math1, 750 Chemistry 
Coursework: Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Systems Programming, Statistics/Stochastic 
Processes, Machine Learning, Linear Algebra, Multivariable Calculus, Economics 
 
Technical: Python, C, Java, Excel, Git, Unix, Ruby on Rails, PHP, Swift, SQL, HTML/CSS 
Languages: English (Native), Spanish (Intermediate) 
 
 
Software Development Intern, Fermat Capital Management (hedge fund), Westport, CT 
§ Researched 3rd-party parallel computing solutions for Python and compared performance. 
§ Designed and built custom Python parallel computing infrastructure that can load-balance 

and manage multiple users. 

§ Used proprietary platform to run large Monte Carlo simulations for bond portfolio pricing. 
§ Presented data and analysis to other members of the team. 
§ Helped oversee and manage the projects of other interns, including mobile applications. 
 
Technology Marketing Intern, Sindeo (fintech mortgage company), San Francisco, CA 
§ Built and optimized responsive landing pages to acquire client leads for Sindeo. 
§ Developed best strategies to improve conversion rates by working closely with CEO, CTO 

and marketing heads. 

Connor McLaughlin 
14 Whispering Woods Drive, Flanders NJ 07836 
862-324-3856 
connor.mclaughlin@yale.edu 
 
Education 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Skills 
 
 
Relevant Experience 
May 2016 – Aug 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
May 2015 – Aug 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jan 2015 – May 2015 
 
 
 
Nov 2014 – May 2015 
 
 
 
 
Activities 
Sept 2016 – Current 
 
 
Sept 2014 – Current 
 
 
 
 
Other Activities 
& Interests

§ Integrated WordPress content management to allow marketers to easily change content and 

create new pages for additional partners. 

 
Ruby on Rails Developer, Yale STC Developers, New Haven, CT 
§ Worked on Yale-affiliated software projects with a team of other Ruby on Rails developers. 
§ Improved “Reservations”, an open source site that allows organizations to lend equipment. 
 
Webmaster/Head of Technology, Yale Model United Nations Institute, New Haven, CT 
§ Built responsive website from the ground up using Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, PostgreSQL. 
§ Implemented custom application system that allows students to apply to this prestigious 

program and staff members to review applications. 

 
 
Volunteer Teacher, Splash at Yale, New Haven, CT 
§ Teach classes on computer science and programming to local middle/high schoolers. 
 
Singer/Winter Tour Manager, Baker’s Dozen of Yale A Cappella, New Haven, CT 
§ Travel throughout the country to perform a cappella music. 
§ Manage our east-coast winter tour by organizing gigs, accommodations and transportation. 
 
 
Music: Guitarist in various rock bands 
Athletics: Snowboarder, intramural and recreational sports 
Community Service: Volunteer for Appalachia Service Project, Special Olympics 
Hackathons: Competitor in various hackathons, including Princeton and Yale 
Entrepreneurship: in the process of starting a software contracting side business 

