851 Twisted Oak Lane · Buffalo Grove, IL 60089 · ArturoHernandez2013@u.northwestern.com · Phone: (773) 433-0637 

ARTURO HERNANDEZ 

EDUCATION 
 
Northwestern University, Masters in Engineering Management 
University of Illinois at Chicago, B.S. in Mechanical Engineering 

05/2017
05/2006

EMPLOYMENT 

Sr. Business Analyst, Energy Efficiency Planning, ComEd   
This function provides the analysis and ongoing market intelligence to support Management for the Energy Efficiency 
Portfolio in the Commercial and Industrial sectors.  Key policy and planning activities include: 
 Program Design: Develop programs using known best practices from existing programs, emerging programs, and

04/2015-Present

input from key stakeholders.

 Budget Planning: Long term planning of programs budgets relative to program metrics and performance.
 Portfolio Modeling: Model the energy savings and cost-effectiveness of the programs and the portfolio.
 Market Analysis: Conduct various market research exercises associated with energy efficiency which support the

information needs associated with the design, implementation and evaluation of the portfolio.

Energy Efficiency Engineer, Energy Efficiency Consulting, ComEd 
Provide technical and analytical expertise in the energy field to support energy programs. 
 Risk Management: Mitigate financial risks by assessing industry specific technologies and cost effectiveness.

 Analytical Skills: Assess data validity of proposed projects in-line to receive incentive funding from ComEd.
 Practical Experience: Conducted over 90 assessments to identify cost savings opportunities for the end users.

Technology Evaluation: Stay abreast on new energy efficiency and renewable generation technologies.

04/2012-03/2015 

Project Development Engineer, Ameresco 
Development of Energy Performance Contract projects for schools, universities, and municipal institutions. 
 Financial: Developed pro forma and cash flow analysis for power generation and energy efficiency projects.


Strategy: Managed the development of projects by strategizing the best technical and financial solutions to meet our
clients’ needs.

01/2010-04/2012 

 Project Development: Assessed the project risk potential and cost to ensure financial feasibility for both the client and



company.
Technical Writing: Wrote proposals encompassing business and technical writing for over 15 energy projects totaling
over $70 million dollars.

06/2007-12/2009 

Design Mechanical Engineer, Cannon Design   
Designed building mechanical system for office, school, university, and hospital buildings. 

 Engineering Design: Produced schematics illustrating the system design and system components.


Sustainability: Reviewed and awarded LEED certification to projects as part of the USGBC review team.

Software Simulations: Generated energy models which simulated building technologies to aid in the design.

Mechanical Engineer Associate, LM Consultants 
Provided engineering services for real estate lenders and investors. 
 Asset Management: Completed cost analysis and asset replacement reserves for properties that were being acquired.
 CapEx Planning: Provided life cycle cost for property capital expenditures schedule for investing company.
 Due-diligence: Evaluated the adequacy of the construction documents including conformance to governing codes and

05/2006-5/2007 

current design practices.

 Construction Planning: Performed pre-construction cost reviews by analyzing the adequacy of the hard cost budgets.
08/2004-05/2006
Lead Student Engineer, US DOE Industrial Assessment Center  
Performed energy assessments for small to medium size industrial facilities. 




Leadership Experience: Promoted after one year of employment to oversee and train 13 undergraduate students.
Industrial Technology: Completed 26 industrial energy assessments for multiple industrial processes.
Technical Writing: Wrote 47 energy efficient technical recommendations which involved a thorough examination of
potential savings from: Energy efficiency improvements, waste minimization and pollution prevention, and
productivity improvements.
Savings Identified: Over $4.5 million in cost savings with an implementation rate of 59%.



