Xiaohu Lei 
Phone number: 773-290-3304 
Education     
 Northwestern University

(GPA: 4.0/4.0)

 Tongji University

(GPA: 86/100; Rank: 9/136)

www.linkedin.com/in/xiaohu-lei-abc123
E-mail: xiaohulei2017@u.northwestern.edu

MEM candidate (Master of Engineering Management) 
with concentration in Managerial Analytics 
Master of Science in Structural Engineering 

July, 2016-Expected Dec, 2017 

Sep, 2008-June, 2011 

Courses in MEM program at Northwestern University 

Engineering Management 
Decision Tools for Managers 
Statistics 
Stochastic Models 
Managerial Analytics 
NUvention Analytics 

Leadership and Organizational Behavior 
Negotiation for Engineers 
Marketing for Engineers 
Accounting for Engineers 
Finance for Engineers 
Simulation for Risk & Operation Analysis 

Working Experiences 
Structural Engineer                          Tongji Architectural Design (Group) Co., Ltd 

July, 2011-Oct, 2015 

Engaged in the analysis, design, consulting, optimization and reinforcement of all kinds of building structure. 

Shanghai Tower (632m, Highest building in China)

 Responsible for the analysis and design of the piled raft foundation of Shanghai Tower with SAP2000, ABAQUS.

Shanghai Disneyland







Led a team to participate in the design of Shanghai Disneyland; responsible for the analysis, consulting and design
of decorative building structure; attended weekly meetings with Disney representative.
Formulated design criteria which could  satisfy the  design  standard  of  both  China  and  Disney;  formulated  project
schedule and assigned tasks to team members according to characteristics.
Integrated the work of team members, in charge of the design quality examining and solved puzzling questions;
calculated workload of team members and allocated earnings properly.

Copper Ridge Ancient Copper Mine Ruins Museum



In  charge  of  the  structure  design  of  Museum  in  mountainous  region;  analyzed  the  engineering  geological
investigation report of karst cave area; conducted site selection research.

 Built  model  and  analyzed  the  indicators  of  structure  under  earthquake  action;  made  anti-sliding  and  capsizing

analyses under mountain thrust; made special analyses about basement and pile foundation;

Zhuji Theater (Landmark building with an irregular shape) 

Issued marketing research report and feasibility research report; built Building Information Modeling (BIM).


 Responsible for the overall design including concrete structure, steel structure design and the cooperation with later

construction; reinforcement design of nearby existing buildings which are affected by this new building.

 Used SAP2000 to build the finite element model, inspecting the performance of structure by buckling and dynamic

analyses; adopted ABAQUS to make analysis of stress and strain, guaranteeing the reliability of joints.

Research Experiences 
The whole process analysis of interaction of piled raft foundation of high-rise buildings 
Master’s Thesis (Research based on Shanghai Tower) 

2009-2011 





Established settlement calculation method based on Mindlin stress solution and compiled corresponding computer
program using MATLAB.
Simulated soil-pile using vertical springs and used  ETABS to build finite element model; calculated the value of
stiffness of vertical springs adopting iterative method; made interactive and whole erection process analysis.

Settlement deformation calculation of ultra-high-rise buildings and back analysis of measured results. 
Independent research based on Shanghai Tower 

2010-2012 

Simulated foundation deformation of each construction stages and ultimate deformation under gravity load.

 Compared simulated results with measured results; evaluated and improved theoretical calculation method.

Nonlinear dynamic time-history analysis of China Medical University library 

2009-2010 

 Analyzed of building composed of two towers with large-span connective structure by nonlinear FEM method.

Publications 
"The  Effect  of  Stiffness  of  Ground  Spring  upon  the  Plate  of  Piled-Raft  Foundation  of  Super  High-Rise  Building  under 
Vertical Loads." Structural Engineers, February, 2011, Vol.27, No.1 57-62. 
"Discussion on Tensile Force of Piles Caused by Subsoil Rebound in Soft Soil Area." Structural Engineers, October, 2009, 
Vol.25, No.5 88-92. 
"Structure Design of a Museum." Urbanism and Architecture, 2015(17), 71-74. 
Certificates     
Registered Qualification Certificate/Class 1 Registered Structural Engineer/The People’s Republic of China 
Registered Qualification Certificate/Registered Civil Engineer (Geotechnical)/The People’s Republic of China 
Skillset     
Computer: ABAQUS\ANSYS\SAP2000\ETABS\YJK\MATLAB\Visual Basic(VBA)\AutoLISP\Python\MS-office 

