‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗ 
216.501.2219 
amberaggarwal2017@u.northwestern.edu        2555 Victor Ave, Apt 204, Glenview, IL 60025

AMBER AGGARWAL 

Over six years of experience in product design, development and launch as a product lead and mechanical engineer. 
Strong ability to quickly and efficiently analyze a problem and identify the core root causes. Quality driven, six sigma 
Black Belt trained, with diverse analytical skills focused on continuous improvement. Proven ability to work in a 
multicultural environment by leveraging personal on­the­ground experience in Asia, Africa and US. Demonstrated skills 
in Mechanical Engineering principles and Product Management through the Masters of Engineering Management program 
at Northwestern University.  

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS 

● Product Management
● Data Driven Product Strategy
● Vendor Relationship

Management

● Effective Negotiator
● Six Sigma Black Belt 
● Robust Presentations 

● Competitive Market Research & Analytics
● Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA)
● Cross­functional Team Leader

MOTOROLA MOBILITY LLC​, a LENOVO Company, Chicago, IL
 HW Product Lead / Sr. Mechanical Engineer ­ Front Camera 

April 2015 – Present 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

● Portfolio planning and defining product specifications for all front facing cameras on Motorola/Lenovo smartphones.
● Excel in collaborating with clients, managing 10+ vendors, both domestic and overseas to bring them up to speed per

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Motorola quality standards.

 

● Conduct competitive market research & analysis which drives the product roadmap for front­facing cameras.
● Resourcefully address multiple financial constraints and laborious logistics to overcome project challenges.
● Project lead for streamlining Motorola camera hardware specifications which led to a reduction of more than 70% of

   

excess documentation increasing efficiency for both vendors and multiple imaging teams.
 

● Managed 8 integrators from concept through mass production of 4 different front­facing camera modules on the latest

   

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Motorola smartphones such as Moto Z, Moto G4, Shatterproof Droid Turbo, etc.

MOTOROLA MOBILITY LLC​, a GOOGLE Company, Libertyville, IL
Mechanical Engineer II 

August 2013 – April 2015 

● Led all stages of design and production of 6 camera configurations simultaneously in award winning Motorola

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

products, such as Moto X, Moto G, Moto E and Droid franchises.

● Fostered effective communication to influence products among technical and non­technical teams by using my

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
technical and strategic background.
 

 

 

● Reviewed and documented over 15 different camera modules simultaneously and maintained each Motorola

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

specification to facilitate  timely release to vendors.
 

 

 

 

● Created technical reports and evaluated module assembly status through mechanical inspection. Responsible for

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

providing Engineering and Design solutions using GD&T and statistical quality control.

Mechanical Engineer I​
● Use ProE for 3D design work of camera modules which included various injection molded pieces, machine metal
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
parts, FR4, and flexible PCB’s and sheet metal parts.

● Hands­on expertise with failure analysis, tolerance analysis, and environmental testing.
● Leveraged laser metrology and statistical methods to diagnose and correct improper quality control practices.

August 2011 – July 2013 

