 
 

 
 

 P R O F I L E  
Masters  candidate  in  Engineering  Management,  with  7  years  of  experience  as  an  Electrical  Design  Engineer  in  preparing  detailed 
engineering  &  design  documents  for  EPC  of  large  scale  Oil  &  Gas  projects.  Worked  in  large  project  teams  (100+  Man-power)  with 
multidisciplinary coordination and developed strong communication skills, working with various clientele, vendors and project teams across 
the globe. Demonstrated strong leadership qualities, along with delivering safe and ethical design complying end-user expectations, which 
was recognized and awarded at various levels in the past organization. Currently, seeking a challenging Project Management role in power 
and energy sector. 
E D U C A T I O N  
Master of Engineering Management 
Northwestern University- Evanston, IL      
(Mc-Cormick School of Engineering & Kellogg School of Management) 
Relevant  Coursework:  Strategic  Management  for  Engineers,  Project  Management,  Finance,  Business  law,  Powering  up  future  and 
International Business Strategy 
Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical 
        
Fr. C. Rodrigues Institute of Technology - Mumbai University, India              
 
E X P E R I E N C E   A N D   R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S  
Northwestern University, Evanston 
  Currently, working on a project dealing with financial feasibility for Solar Micro-grid setups, with Schneider and ViZn energy. 

                    Jun’09 
            Aggregate: 71.64% GPA: 3.78 

                  Expected Jun‘17 
                            GPA: 3.825 

                                             
 
 

                                         
            

Initial deliverables shall be the Feasibility Study Reports using the simulated outputs delivered out of softwares, namely HOMER and 
DERCAM, which when approved by end-user, would move into execution of the project. 

  Active member of (ISEN) Institute for Sustainability and Energy at Northwestern University. Selected to be a part of a highly competitive 
course across all schools at Northwestern University- Powering up future, mainly showing casing the alternative (clean-tech) energy 
sources, energy regulations and policies by industry mentors.  

  Assisting Professor. Mark Werwath, as an undergraduate teaching assistant, for the course Industrial Engineering Design Project. 
  Vice-Chair of Student Advisory Board (SAB), for Master of Engineering Management to facilitate and coordinate, industry connect, 

                   Present 

           

        

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

interdisciplinary competition and other activities in department. 

  Successfully, executed the 8 week, business simulation of automobile industry, with our final team standing of 3rd position, against 

other teams in the class, for the course- Engineering Management. 

  Acquired advanced decision making tools knowledge, for process improvements, decision making, and forecasting using simulations, 

which can be implemented to real life scenarios. 

 

  Basic introduction to US business law, with specific focus on contracts, torts, partnerships and corporation through the course -Business 

law from Kellogg School of Management. 
Introduction to International Business Strategy, focusing on micro economics and frameworks to formulate strategies that will help them 
compete in the global marketplace 

  Managerial Analytics, with introduction to Descriptive, Predictive and Prescriptive analytical techniques using Tableau, Weka and Office 
Site. Worked a group project to provide recommendation suggesting steps to maximize revenue and utilization improvement of Divvy 
Bikes. 

 
Petrofac International Limited, Sharjah, UAE  
Projects successfully handled in the capacity of Electrical Engineer-1 in Electrical Department: 

(Designation: Electrical Engineer-1)                                            Nov’15 – Jun’16 

a)  Yibal Khuff Project. (Client: PDO- Petroleum Development of Oman), a field located south west of Muscat, from Nov’15 –June’16.

A B H I K   B E R A  

GSM: +1-224-401-6174    abhikbera2017@u.northwestern.edu 

 

 

 

Petrofac Engineering India Limited, Mumbai, India (Designation: Electrical Design Engineer)                                    Jul’09– Nov’15 
Projects successfully handled in the capacity of Electrical Design Engineer in Electrical Department: 

a)  Khazzan Tight Gas CPF Project. (Client: British Petroleum -BP), a greenfield project worth US $ 1.2 billion at Oman, from May’14-

Nov’15 

 

b)  Badra, CPF Project. (Client: Gazprom, NEFT), a greenfield project US$330 million at Badra field, southern Iraq, from Apr’12-

Apr’14 

c)  Kauther Gas Plant [Phase-II] (Client: PDO- Petroleum Development of Oman), an extension to existing plant as well as greenfield 

scope project worth more than US $ 350 million at Oman, from July’09-May’12.  

