Ranjani Kollur         

1567 Ridge Avenue, Apartment 408  Evanston, IL 60201 (224) 432-4133        
ranjanikollur2016@u.northwestern.edu www.linkedin.com/in/ranjanikollur

PROFILE

Dynamic  and  results-focused  Product  Owner  with  4  years  of  combined  business  and  technical  expertise  on  client 
engagements, delivering IT and operational strategies and elevating product development for high value organizations. 
Demonstrated  record  of  success  in  designing  and  executing  leading-edge  customer  service,  technology  and  process 
improvement  strategies  that  significantly  impact  the  corporate  bottom  line.  Adept  at  communicating  complex  value 
propositions to technical and non-technical audiences at all organizational levels.
EDUCATION
Northwestern University-Evanston, IL
Master of Engineering Management- GPA : 3.4/4.0
( Coursework : Marketing, Finance, Accounting, Statistics, Managerial Analytics, 
Differentiation by design, Negotiation, Data mining and Business Intelligence, Brand 
Management)
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU)-Hyderabad, India
Masters of Technology in Biotechnology - GPA: 4.0/4.0
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU)-Hyderabad, India
Bachelors of Technology in Biotechnology - GPA: 3.7/4.0

            Anticipated December, 2016

October, 2011

May, 2009

WORK EXPERIENCE
Ultimate Medical Academy (Conversion Partners LLC), Tampa, Florida
Product Manager Intern


June, 2016- September 2016

Interfaced with the Strategic Initiatives team and senior management on student placement remediation data analysis required
to evaluate strategies and developed ongoing strategic plans including product enhancements of in-house web applications.
 Gathered user requirements for the student complaint tracking Zoho CRM application across diverse functional areas and

converted them into a compelling product vision.
Involved with product throughout all stages of the lifecycle( conception, definition, development, release and post-release)


Tata Consultancy Services, Hyderabad, India
Lead Business Analyst/Product Owner
December, 2011 – August, 2015
Managed the end to end ownership of product releases, define the product vision, create preliminary design concepts and drive
the implementation of the product roadmap. Coordinated the solution design team on requirement analysis, design, testing and 
implementation of software applications for telecom client. Analysed and discussed client feedback on Validation reports and 
recommendations during the monthly project meetings. 
 Worked closely with the design & development teams to explain requirements of new features and change requests for current
features. Headed the QA team to design test strategies for User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Conducted Client Validations.
 Appointed to lead an initiative of designing Android Mobile application of Web Self-care portal of our client. Created an





Android App for booking complaints, service requests, checking the bills and making payments.
Identify and recommend appropriate strategic solutions (applications and workflows), ensuring development is within scope
and will address the business needs. 
Coordinate ongoing Change Requests to the business requirements working with the Project Manager on prioritization and
impact. Performing and arranging successful product demonstrations for customers.

 Worked with business stakeholders to define the product strategy that meets the external & internal customer needs while

satisfying scalability, reliability, performance and resource costs. 

LEADERSHIP AND VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Co-Founder of "Caretheneedy" social non-profit group 

November, 2013 - July, 2015

Collaborated with group members to make the group as a medium between orphanage homes and donors by conducting events, 
helping orphans meet their educational needs, supporting destitute and old age homes to meet their daily needs and conducting fun 
activities at orphanages.
RELEVANT SKILLS
Programming Languages/Web applications: Core Java, R, SQL, Oracle Siebel CRM, Axure,
Data/Management tools:  JIRA, JMP (Statistical SAS tool), Weka, Tableau, MS Word, MS PowerPoint and MS Excel.
Area of Expertise: Product Management, IT Consulting, Strategic Planning, Agile and Scrum methodologies.

