Address: 830 Judson Avenue, Unit 3S

Evanston,                        
Illinios – 60202 

ANIKET PAWAR 

Mob: 331-245-4602 
Email: aniketpawar2017@u.northwestern.edu 

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE 

Utilization  of  integrated  managerial  and  technological  skills  in  solving  complex  business  challenges  across  a 
spectrum of industries. Leading a team towards product innovation and system development with a comprehensive 
understanding of the business aspects and market impact.  

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 

Northwestern University, Evanston 
Masters of Engineering Management 
Maharashtra Institute of Technology, Pune       
Bachelors of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering 

Sep 2016 – July 2017(Expected) 

     Aug 2007 – July 2011 

ANIL TRADERS, Pune
Founder 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

  Nov 2015 – Aug 2016 

§ Conceptualised,  developed  and  managed  the  organisation  towards  importing,  distributing  and  marketing  food

products from across the globe into India.

§ Attained all government licenses, contracts and agreements to initiate business in India including the DGFT Import

Export Code, FSSAI Food Import licences, FSSAI Product Approval and Wholesale Shop Act license

§ Successfully received a commercial loan of $200,000 to initiate and operate organisation
§ Attained contract from Olisur S.A., Chile to exclusive import and distribute products in India. Simultaneously under

commercial discussion with Huy Fong Foods Inc. and Trade Australia to partner in Indian operations.

§ Established  a  supply  chain  and  created  a  distribution  network  in  India  to  effectively  transport  products  to

distributors. Involved in product pricing for distributors and defining a maximum retail pricing for consumers

§ Involved in marketing at cooperate and consumer levels to generate sales and generate distributors across India

DILIP CHHABRIA DESIGN PVT. LTD., Pune 
Head of Production (Bus Vertical) 

  Aug 2011 – Sep 2015 

§ Responsible for production and delivery, research and development, inventory management, quality control, client

management along with vehicle design and maintaining sensitivity towards aesthetics

§ Administrated  a  team  of  30  direct  reports  and  150  skilled  workers  that  involved  an  in-depth  understanding  of

automotive interior and exterior design, armouring (NIJ Level 3+), industrial processes and material selection

§ Successful  in  generating  annual  revenue  of  $2,500,000  at  a  consistent  rate.  Attained  recognition  from
management for improving profitability by reduction of production cost by 25%, improving production timeline by
30% together with reduction of material cost by 15%

§ Assigned for recruiting, training and developing an independent team for the bus vertical to enhance manufacturing

productivity to 10 vehicles/month and successfully gained a 70% increase in production output.

§ Attained contracts from SVLL Connect, Indo-Canadian Travels and India Today Group to highlight a few
§ Independently administered the development and production of standardised product lines for DCD AIR 1 lounge;
DCD  Isuzu  lounge;  DCD  2X2  Eco;  Successfully  delivered  over  15  customised  coaches  for  prestigious  clientele
within given parameters and pressing timelines

KIRLOSKAR OIL ENGINES LTD., Khadki, Pune                                                   Aug 2010 – June 2011
G.E.T.

§ Successfully completed B.E. dissertation project “The Design and Development of Pneumatic Gear Pressing Unit

on Crankshaft” budgeted at $42,000 using CATIA software and outsourcing production

LTi DRIVES, Pune                                                                                                  June 2009 – July 2009
Intern

§ Worked with a team of 20 employees. Responsible for the maintenance department involving repairing, general

check ups and cleaning of governing drives

