EDUCATION 

JOSÉ MIGUEL MORALES VELASCO 

(224)714-8900 j.morales@u.northwestern.edu

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY      
Master of Engineer Management (MEM) candidate – Cumulative GPA: 4.00  
Relevant courses: International Business Strategy, NUvention Energy, Leadership, Decision Tools & Marketing Issues 

  Evanston, IL 
 Expected December 2017 

INSTITUTO TECNOLÓGICO AUTÓNOMO DE MÉXICO – ITAM  
B. Sc. Industrial Engineering; Specialization in Production and Logistics – GPA: 3.33
 Thesis: Improvement Opportunities for Petróleos Mexicanos Offshore Logistics
 Honors: Acknowledgement for the best 2011 Engineering GPA’s (3.8).

  Mexico City 
 May 2012 

BUSINESS SCHOOL OF THE NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SINGAPORE – NUS        
Academic Exchange Program       
 Relevant project: Developed a business plan to manufacture and commercialize a new hand tool called “Screwfitter”.

         Singapore 
 Jan - May 2011 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

PACIFIC DRILLING SERVICES INC. 
   September 2015 – July 2016 
Logistics Engineer - Houston TX           
 Redesigned  Company  transportation  logistics  operations,  and  enhanced  their  efficiency  by  implementing  planning  scheduling

techniques, and minimizing response times and costs. Identified gaps on service and improvement opportunities.

 Enforced and revamped Company travel policies in order to maintain control of a monthly $700K spent. Identified operation trends

in order to forecast future expenditure, and established key performance indicators in order to maintain a quality control.

 Managed a team of 5 agents based in India and the US, providing a 24 hour first in class service for the Company operations.
 Negotiated service and rate agreements with 3rd party vendors; minimizing costs and ensuring a reliable service.
 Implemented “fast track” transportation logistics operations by taking decisions that met both Company requirements and assured

a control over the emergency situations; keeping all stakeholders timely informed.

Project Engineer - Houston TX, GOM, South Korea & Singapore 
  March 2014 – August 2015 
 Managed  projects  that  were  outside  the  scope  of  Ultra-deep  water  oil  rigs  Newbuild  Contracts;  improving  their  operational

efficiency by modifying existing ship structures, and installing lines, new equipment’s, and IT infrastructure.

 Defined with internal departments, clients and contractors detailed technical requirements, budgets, timelines and deliverables.
 Prepared project progress reports and schedules; mantaining the management team informed, ensuring an on time, on budget

and according to predetermined functional specifications completion; as well as assisting on Quality Control.

 Issued  equipment’s  and  3rd  party  services  Purchase  Requisitions  and  Purchase  Orders,  and  settled  financial  commitments  of

projects valued up to $7M.

Procurement Analyst - Houston TX           
  November 2013 – March 2014 
 Processed $2M on Warranty Claims with the corresponding Warrantor; including Samsung Heavy Industries, National Oilwell Varco

(NOV), Hyundai, Rolls-Royce, ABB & Kongsberg.

 Performed price’s and spend analysis for a set of equipment’s to establish price agreements with a preferred vendor.
 Measured the procurement department performance by determining trends and key performance indicators.
 Performed spare parts counts to identify missing parts, and defined equipment’s optimal location in the central warehouse.

TRADECO INDUSTRIAL - Cartagena, Colombia 
Project Coordinator - Puerto Bahía Project     
 Collaborated as part of the Technical Department on the construction of five 330,000 bbl oil tanks and a charge/discharge dock.
 Consolidated reports and certified progress of all project departments; EPC, HSE and QC; keeping the client informed about it.
 Developed an action plan to mitigate delays at engineering stage; evaluating the impact of engineering specification variations on

 Dec 2012 – July 2013 

construction and procurement activities (bid release, technical evaluations, award, and delivery).

 Prepared  cash  flow  forecasts  based  on  planned  construction  and  procurement  activities  for  every  month.  Identified  cash

requirements/deviations for future stages.

SKILLS 

SOFTWARE – Advanced in: SAP, MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project, Access, Visual Basic); statistical analysis software 
(Minitab); and simulation software (SIMIO). 

FLUENT IN SPANISH AND ENGLISH 

