IVONNE FRIDAY 

H: 773-368-6078 | ivonnefriday2017@u.northwestern.edu 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
MS  Candidate  for  the  Masters  in  Engineering  Management  at  Northwestern  University. 
Enthusiastic,  knowledgeable  and  reliable  engineer  with  experience  working  as  a  Health  and 
Safety  Manager  implementing   OSHA, EPA, ISO   and   DOT   regulations   around   several   states.   More   than   
twelve   years   of  experience working on Environmental and Health and Safety Projects. Exceptional people 
skills. 
RELEVANT SKILLS
Client-focused 
Experienced auditor. 
Proficiency in Environmental Assessments 
Strong planning and organizational skills.      
Expertise generating reports, permits and analysis 
Knowledgeable in OSHA, EPA and DOT regulations. 
Leadership 

 Operations management 
 Creative Problem Solving 
 Domestic and International Experience 
 Bilingual (English and Spanish) 
 Training, development and 
 implementation of new programs. 
 Team player 

EXPERIENCE
11/2016 to Present 

Health and Safety Advisor
US Compliance Corporation － Chicago, IL

 Executed, and ensured compliance with all federal, state, and local

OSHA/EPA/DOT regulations.

 Conducted routine audits and inspections at several manufacturing

industries around the USA.

 Developed, executed, and managed strategies and plans to prevent

workplace injuries, environmental incidents, and vehicle accidents.
 Exercised a leadership, coordination, and communication role with

clients to drive continuous HSE improvement.

 Prepared and assisted in the development of environmental, safety and

health training programs and permits. Trained employees and
supervisors on a daily basis.

02/2016 to 11/2016     Health and Safety Manager 

Five Swisher Plants part of Ecolab － Chicago, IL 

 Established a new work-flow chart process in compliance with OSHA

regulations for the implementation of the Process Safety Management
(PSM) program

 Prepared specific regulatory reports and record keeping requirements of

pertinent OSHA, EPA, DOT and other regulatory compliance matters.

 Created, supervised and coordinated training programs.
 Directed compliance audits "focus visits" at various Ecolab facilities.

10/2014 to 07/2015     Physics Teacher 

St Paul School for Girls － Baltimore, MD 

 AP Physics tutor and Chemistry Teacher Chemistry and Physics teacher

for 5  months for 40 students total.

 AP Physics, Physics, Algebra and Calculus substitute teacher for Upper

and  Middle School Students.

