ANDREW J. NACHENBERG, PMP, CSSBB 

847-946-4688   •   Andrewnachenberg2017@u.northwestern.edu   •   Chicago, IL

Meticulous engineer who undertakes complex assignments, meets tight deadlines, and delivers superior performance. Able to 
provide organizations with strategic planning and execution through utilization of lean six sigma techniques to increase profitability, 
quality, and productivity while driving continuous improvement and cost reductions throughout the entire supply chain. Excellent 
career progression in FDA regulated medical device manufacturing industry, including successful experiences in process 
improvement, packaging engineering, and quality assurance. Applies strong project management skills to inform senior management 
of key milestones and accomplishments. Operates with a sense of urgency and thrives in a fast-paced setting.   
Core competencies include: 

Packaging Engineering • Product Development • Lean Manufacturing • Project Management • Operations Research 

Quality Assurance • Process Validation • Material Science Testing • Polymers • Statistical Analysis • Pharmaceutical Water Systems 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

MEDLINE INDUSTRIES, INC • Mundelein, IL • Nov. 2012 – Present 
Medline is the largest privately held manufacturer and distributor of healthcare supplies in the United States, providing more than 
350,000 products that serve the entire continuum of care. Our innovative products and programs can be found in most hospitals, 
surgery centers, physician offices, home health agencies and retail outlets. 
Project Engineer, Certified Six Sigma Black Belt (Jan. 2015 – Present)  

•
•

Act as an internal consultant to improve manufacturing and business processes.
Lead and coordinate planning and execution efforts between internal teams and outside vendors for equipment, materials,
and process optimization specifically for manufacturing site in Mexico.
Responsible for diving change by focusing on customer, employees, and processes resulting in a culture of excellence.

•
• Mentor and train Kaizen Leaders and Green Belts
•
•

Optimize production efficiencies and balance machine requirements
Perform financial analysis including month end financial reviews, cost analysis and savings opportunities, BOM and router
breakdown, and investigation of absorption/expense details on division financials.
$1.3 million in cost savings since starting the position.

•

•
•

Packaging Development Engineer • Nov. 2012 – Dec. 2014 
Develop new and innovative packaging solutions for drug and medical device portfolios.  Responsible for managing new and existing 
packaging development projects.  Lead teams responsible for redesigning and optimizing current packaging and manufacturing 
processes.   

Generated approximately $500,000 in cost savings by optimizing packaging materials and corrugated board.
Totaled 4 patented designs relating to packaging and new products and 2 more pending.

CARDINAL HEALTH • McGaw Park, IL • Mar. 2011 – Nov. 2012 
Cardinal Health, Inc. is a Fortune 500 health care services company. The firm specializes in distribution of pharmaceuticals and 
medical products, serving more than 60,000 locations. The firm also manufactures medical and surgical products. 
Packaging Engineer 
Responsible for designing, developing and testing a wide variety of equipment and packaging used for protection, display and 
handling of products.  Plan and coordinate standard engineering tests and experiments and draw conclusions from test results. 

•
•

Gained knowledge of packaging equipment, particularly band/impulse/hot bar sealers and TFFS with inline printing.
Coordinated package testing and qualification for US and Asia resulting in cost savings and sustainability improvements.

EDUCATION 

Master of Engineering Management • Data Analytics Concentration 

Northwestern University • Evanston, IL • Expected completion June 2017 

President – Student Advisory Board, MEM 2016 

Bachelor of Science: Packaging 

Michigan State University • East Lansing, MI • 2010 

The Second City Training Center – Improvisation 

