313 SW 11th Street    Corvallis, OR 97333   (505) 417-4294    holschutosu@gmail.com  

Thomas V. Holschuh II  

NUCLEAR RESEARCH EXPERIENCE 

Sandia National Laboratories Undergraduate Intern 

Advanced Nuclear Concepts – 
Albuquerque, NM 
 

 06/2011 to present 

  Performed extensive MCNP burn-up analyses for a long life sodium-cooled fast reactor design with an 

emphasis on safety limits. 

  Operation  of  scaled  S-CO2  Brayton  cycles  in  order  to  address  turbomachinery  issues  and 

considerations for future commercial-sized power conversion systems. 

  Creation of national conference and journal reports concerning both fast reactor conceptualization and 

realization of Brayton cycle technology systems. 

  Developed correlations for windage  and leakage  losses in  S-CO2 turbomachinery within the Brayton 

cycle test loops.    

  Provided  recommendations  for  high  temperature,  radiation  resistant  strain  gages  and  digital  image 

correlation techniques in order to progress in-situ nuclear fuel diagnostics program.  

  Reference: Dr. Gary Rochau, Department Manager, 505-845-7543, gerocha@sandia.gov 

 

Undergraduate Research Assistant 

Oregon State University –  
Corvallis, OR 
 

 09/2011 to present 

  Construction  and  operation  of  strain  gage  diagnostics  at  OSU  Hydro  Mechanical  Fuels  Test  Facility 

(HMFTF), an NQA-1 facility that performs mechanical stress analyses on plate-type fuel assemblies. 

  Production and maintenance of proper Quality Assurance documents for the HMFTF. 
  Reference: Dr. Wade Marcum, Project Manager and Assistant Professor, marcumw@engr.orst.edu 

 

Undergraduate Research Assistant 

Oregon State University –  
Corvallis, OR 
 

 09/2010 to 06/2011 

  Evaluation of facility design for OSU High Temperature Test Facility (HTTF), a scaled version of DOE’s 

Modular High Temperature Gas Reactor (MHTGR), using Siemens NX 3-D modeling software. 

  Analysis  of  facility  elements,  including  ceramic  prototypes  for  the  core  material  and  reactor  cavity 

cooling system. 

  Reference: Dr. Brian Woods, Project Manager and Assistant Professor, brian.woods@engr.orst.edu 
 

Sandia National Laboratories Undergraduate Intern 

Fusion Technology Programs – 
Albuquerque, NM 
 

 06/2010 to 09/2010 

  Experience  with  CATIA  modeling  and  OPERA  electromagnetic  (E&M)  analysis  software,  used 

specifically to calculate the torque and forces present on the Test Blanket Module (TBM) for ITER. 

  Contributing Graphs, Charts, and Proofreading to Mentor’s Papers and Presentations. 
  Analyzing  and  Compiling  Test  Data  for  Third-Party  companies  who  use  Sandia  National  Laboratory 

electron beam facilities. 

  Reference: Dr. Richard Nygren, Department Manager, 505-845-3135, renygre@sandia.gov 
 

Sandia National Laboratories High School Intern 

Fusion Technology Programs 

 06/2007 to 09/2009 

