Patrick Y. Byfield 
Cell: (541)-602-9151 

 

Education: 

Email: Byfieldp@onid.orst.edu  

Corvallis, OR, 97333 

 

•  Graduate Student, Oregon State University 

 

 

September 2011 – Present 

Degree in progress – Master of Science, Nuclear Engineering 
3.55 GPA, Expected graduation date – June 2013. 
Thesis Topic –  “A Thermal Hydraulic Analysis of the Deployment of  

Molybdenum Elements within the Oregon State TRIGA® Reactor” 

•  Undergraduate Student, Oregon State University  

 

September 2007- June 2011 

Bachelor of Science, Nuclear Engineering 
Graduated Cum Laude, as a Presidential Scholar, with a 3.54 GPA. 

Work Experience: 

•  Graduate Research Assistant, Oregon State University 

 

June 2012 – Present 

OSU Hydro Mechanical Fuel Test Facility 

o  Employed by Dr. Wade Marcum on the Oregon State University Hydro Mechanical Fuel 
Test Facility (OSU HMFTF) project, a Nuclear Quality Assurance-1 (NQA-1) compliant 
facility designed to provide a database of information to qualify prototypic nuclear fuels.  

o  Job duties – authoring and executing procedures, authoring and reviewing quality 
documentation, performing maintenance and calibration duties, ordering from and 
interfacing with vendors, and operation of the OSU HMFTF. 

•  Research Assistant, Oregon State University 

 

 

June 2011 – June 2012   

OSU Molybdenum Production Project 

o  Employed by Dr. Wade Marcum on the OSU Molybdenum Production Project, an 

endeavor with the goal of producing medical isotopes at the OSU research reactor via 
specially designed fueled experiments. 

o  Job duties – performing a thermal hydraulic safety analysis regarding the deployment of 
fueled experiments into the OSU TRIGA® reactor core with the application of RELAP5-
3D considering both steady-state and transient scenarios. 

•  Undergraduate Research Assistant, Oregon State University 

June 2010 – June 2011 

OSU Hydro Mechanical Fuel Test Facility 

o  Employed by Dr. Brian Woods on the OSU Hydro Mechanical Fuel Test Facility (OSU 

HMFTF) project. 

o  Job duties – writing, reviewing, and editing quality documentation for the OSU HMFTF. 

•  Undergraduate Research Assistant, Oregon State University 

June 2009 – September 2009 

OSU Molybdenum Production Project 

o  Employed by Dr. Todd Palmer on the OSU Molybdenum Production Project. 
o  Job duties – performing an analysis with the ORIGEN-ARP program to analyze 

molybdenum yield from the deployment of a fueled experiment within the OSU TRIGA® 
reactor. 

 

 

Byfield, 1 of 2 

