GEOGRAPHY: International, Northern California and Bay Area, Southern California  

 

RACHEL G 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

INDUSTRY: Entertainment, Journalism, Marketing/Advertising, Publishing/Editing, Public Relations 

 

 

 

June 2014-August 2014 

September 2012-Present 

May 2015 
Deans List: Fall 2011-Spring 2014 
 
    GPA: 3.91 
        James E. Scripps Scholar 

EDUCATION 
Scripps College (Claremont, CA) 
Bachelor of Arts in Honors English, Minor in Gender/Women’s Studies. 
         
Thesis Research: The Male Gaze in Jane Austen.  
Study Abroad: IES Granada, Spain, Spring 2014.           
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Communications & Marketing Intern 
Scripps College Career Planning Office (Claremont, CA) 
August 2014-Present 
 Produce marketing materials for over 30 events and 15 job postings per month, including weekly Career Courier newsletter 
for the entire student body, writing all targeted emails and designing publicity posters with InDesign. 
 Manage Facebook page and public website. Create event descriptions for calendar and internal career services website. 
 
Freelance Work (Independent Contractor)  
 MicNews: Weekly pundit for MicNews (previously PolicyMic) since May 2013. Articles have regularly been the site’s most 
read for the week, garnering over 200,000 unique reads and over 88,000 shares each.   
 HelloGiggles: Weekly freelance writer for HelloGiggles since June 2014.  
 Ms. Magazine: Contributing writer for online blog since September 2012.  
 Eventbrite: Contract writer since September 2014, following summer internship.  
 Writing also published in The San Francisco Chronicle, The Student Life newspaper, and the Los Altos Town Crier newspaper. 
 
Writer & Content Creator Intern 
Eventbrite (San Francisco, CA) 
 Developed 4 new types of content for the company, including a Ticketing Partner Buying Guide (decision-stage content 
that immediately sales qualifies leads), a Back-to-School Calendar for Adults (part of EB’s growing consumer campaign, with 
over 20,000 views in the first week), and Short and Sweet Case Studies (with a new one-page format).  
 Touched over 40 pieces of content in just 10 weeks, an average of one piece a day. This included content targeted to event 
organizers (including 4 white papers and 6 case studies) and 4 pieces targeted to event attendees (calendar and blogs).  
 Repurposed Master Marketing Guide into six separate Event Academy articles to increase engagement and ROI.  
 Promoted content with email, banner and landing page copy. A/B tested Tweets, worked with PR on promotion plan. 
 SEO optimized content hub, performed SEO keyword analysis, and developed social media study. 
 
Media Specialist & Writer for Scripps College  
Office of Communications & Marketing, Scripps College (Claremont, CA) 
• Wrote targeted content for alumni, student and Board of Trustee audiences across website and print. 
• Contributed media to internal and external website, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts. 
 
Marketing Intern & Intern Advisory Board Social Chair 
Maxim Integrated (San Jose, CA) 
 Produced an 80-page media catalogue to map advertising purchases to the customer's buying cycle in vertical market 
publications. Expanded awareness of relevant publications by 56% and increased lead generation and ROI.  
 Created content audit of 240 pieces of marketing content across 15 vertical markets for use in Eloqua and telemarketing.  
 Launched the Maxim Sample Center on Hearst Electronic Products, a new content hub. Managed the development of 
sample data, creative ad banners, and monthly newsletter. Initial success of 56 new qualified leads in the first two weeks.  
 Ran the Evaluation (EV) Kit Contest Promotion, which resulted in the generation of 858 new leads. 
 
PR/Marketing & Communications Intern 
MissRepresentation.org (San Francisco, CA) 
May 2012-August 2012 
• Streamlined press management system for new non-profit organization. Wrote press releases, managed outreach to media, 
developed press relationships, tracked PR, and developed a comprehensive PR impact report. 
• Increased blog readership by writing and promoting articles on social media. Wrote targeted emails for funders and public. 
 
OTHER RELEVANT EXPERIENCE & SKILLS 
 Proficient in: Adobe Photoshop & InDesign, MyEmma email marketing, Wordpress, Microsoft Office, social media.  
 Basic knowledge of: Pardot, Eloqua, Salesforce, HootSuite & Google Analytics. 
 Computer Science: Introductory Experience with Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Prolog, Racket, Java, & JQuery.  
 Scripps College Activities Team Advertising Head: Promote biweekly events with Facebook, Instagram, InDesign flyers. 
 Language: Proficient in Spanish. 

September 2012-December 2013 

May 2013-August 2013 

