JENNIFER A  

GEOGRAPHY: Southern California  

INDUSTRY: Health/Medicine, Public Health, Scientific Research/Development  

 

 

 

EDUCATION 
Scripps College, Claremont, CA 
Bachelor of Arts in Human Biology, 5/2015 
Senior Thesis: Empacho: a Gastrointestinal Illness Among Latinos That Is Not Acknowledged by Western Medicine 
Gates Millennium Scholar: Scholarship awarded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to 1,000 high school 
seniors who demonstrate outstanding academic and leadership skills. 
HEALTHCARE EXPERIENCE  
Clinical Care Extender Intern, West Covina, CA, 9/2012 – Present 

                                 

 

 

 

•  Completed 310 service hours at Queen of the Valley Hospital through the COPE Health Solutions Program. 
•  Volunteered in the following departments: Medical/Surgical Nursing Floor, Physical Therapy, Mother Baby 

Care Unit, Definitive Observation Unit, Emergency Room, Intensive Care Unit, and Labor and Delivery  

•  Take patient vital signs, observe clinical procedures, transport patients, feed patients, assist nurses in 

repositioning patients, place EKG electrodes on patients, clean gurneys and rooms, bathe newborns, prepare 
welcome kits for new mothers, and take specimens to the laboratory. 

•  Gained an understanding of the universal health care program in Costa Rica by taking two health-related 

Summer Health Program in Costa Rica, San Jose, Costa Rica, Summer 2014 

courses and interning at a clinic (Clinica Integrada Cooperativa de Tibas). 

Minorities in Medicine, Claremont, CA, 11/2013 – Present 

pursuing a career in the health field by creating a supportive environment. 

Montclair Clinic, Montclair, CA, 4/2013 – Present 

•  Co-founded a pre-health club that seeks to increase and retain the number of students of color interested in 

•  Spanish translator for medical students at Western University of Health Sciences and resident physicians at 

Chino Valley Medical Center who serve uninsured and underinsured patients in the Inland Empire and Pomona. 

RESEARCH EXPERIENCE  
SACNAS (Society for the Advancement of Chicanos and Native Americans in the Sciences) Claremont Colleges 
Chapter, Claremont, CA, 12/2013 – Present 

•  President of organization on college campus that aims to build community between faculty and students 

interested in the STEM field. 

•  Attended SACNAS 2013 and 2014 National Research Conference. 

Summer Science Immersion Program (SSIP), Claremont, CA, Summer 2013 

•  Served as a peer mentor, laboratory research assistant, and residential advisor to 38 incoming first year Scripps, 

Claremont-McKenna, and Pitzer students for a one-week science orientation program. 

SCIENCE RELATED EXPERIENCE 
Scripps College Academy Intern, Claremont CA, 9/2011 – Present 

•  Tutored middle and high school students in Math and Science once a week. 
•  Lead monthly college presentation to 30-60 middle school female students at Serrano Middle School and 

Walnut Grove Intermediate Middle School as a College Club Presenter. 

•  Organized a college campus visit to Scripps College for the College Club middle school students 
•  Assisted the Assistant Director in planning the Math and Science Scholars Final Day Presentation. 

CERTIFICATION AND SKILLS  
Certifications:  First Aid /CPR/AED certification by the American Heart Association, Healthcare Provider 
certification by the American Heart Association. 
Language Proficiency: Advanced conversational and written Spanish  

Computer: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PC and Mac proficient, social media management 

