KATHARINA O 

GEOGRAPHY: International, Northern California and Bay Area, Pacific Northwest 
INDUSTRY: Education: General, Health/Medicine, International Relations,  
 

Language/Culture, Public Health 

 

Education 
Scripps College, Claremont Consortium, California 
Bachelor of Arts, German Studies, 2014  
 
Work Experience  
Motley Coffeehouse   

 

 

 

 

Assistant Head Manager (May 2012-Dec 2012) 
  10+ hours per week. Assistant to the head manager, helps to lead staff meetings and be 

a resource and leader for all fellow employees 

  Financial responsibility: ensures paycheck accuracy, and facilitates our sponsorship 

program funded by any profits made by the coffeehouse.  

 

 

Claremont, California 

Barista (Jan-May 2011, Aug 2013-May 2014)  
  7-9 hours per week. One of 2-3 baristas on shift who serves and prepares coffee, tea 

and espresso drinks, as well as food items.  

  Works the register while providing friendly, comfortable and prompt customer service, 

along with sustainability-focused and environmentally-friendly practices.  

Financial Manager (May 2011-May 2012)  
  10+ hours per week. Manages all of the finances and payment of vendors and 

sponsorships for the student-run not-for-profit Motley Coffeehouse.  

  Preferred point of contact manager for customer questions and related issues 

 

 

redirected from the baristas.  

 
Summerdarts Program  

 

Swim instructor (June 2006-Dec 2014)  
  15+ hours per week. Seasonal swim instructor, coach, and competition organizer with 

the Aquadarts swim team. Provides a constructive and friendly atmosphere and for 
swimmers ages 3-15.  

  Additionally a Special Olympics volunteer coach 1-2 hours per week. Seasonal swim 

coach of one on one lessons for special needs children and young adults.  

Davis, California 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
Tiefburgschule Elementary School 

Assisting and English Teacher (Mar-Aug 2013) 
  8+ hours per week. Solo English teacher and assistant teacher and supervisor in other 

subjects for first grade German students as an internship during my studies abroad. 

Heidelberg, Germany 

 
Skills 

  MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook 

