MICHELLE N 

GEOGRAPHY: International, Southern California  

 

 

 

Education and Awards 

            

 Work and Volunteer Experience 

INDUSTRY: Education: Teaching, Language/Culture, Performing Arts, Travel/Hospitality, Visual Arts/Design 
 
 Scripps College, Claremont, CA– GPA 3.76 
              BA Expected May 2015 
 
 
•  Dual major: Dance in Performance/Choreography, Foreign Languages in Spanish/French 
•  Honors: Dean’s List each eligible semester, Inducted into Sigma Delta Pi- The National Spanish Honor Society  
 
•  Recipient of the Lucile Phillips Morrison summer dance scholarship 
   
  Summer 2014 
 
     Spring 2014 
            
•  Semester study abroad with Sarah Lawrence College Dance Intensive in Paris, France 
 
 
•  Semester study abroad with CIEE Liberal Arts in Seville, Spain  
 
     Spring 2013 
            
 
 Scripps College, Spanish Conversation Class Leader, Claremont, CA 
             Fall 2014 – Spring 2015 
 
•  Selected by the Hispanic Studies department to teach weekly classes engaging college students in practicing 
Spanish at the intermediate level. Thoughtfully created weekly discussion plans, facilitated students’ growth 
and camaraderie, and cultivated their interest in the language and the cultures of Spanish-speaking countries. 
            Aug. - Sept. 2014 
 
 
Diavolo / Architecture In Motion, Marketing Associate, Los Angeles, CA 
•  Marketing responsibilities included acting as Company photographer and managing all Diavolo social media 
accounts. Promoted a VIP event at the Greek Theatre in cooperation with a PR firm. Actively contributed to 
creating and updating an Indiegogo campaign to support a new work, CUBICLE. 
 
 
 Diavolo, Los Angeles County Arts Commission Intern, Los Angeles, CA          
  Summer 2014 
•  Photographed and visually documented Institute programs for press packages and brochures. Marketing 
responsibilities included managing all Diavolo social media accounts. Wrote fundraising letters to donors and 
updated resource development databases. Handled bank deposits. Active in weekly dance workshops. 
 
 Ford Theatres, Community Engagement Volunteer, Los Angeles, CA  
  Summer 2014 
 
 
•  Member of Team Connect: Engaged audiences prior to performances through activities pertaining to the 
evening’s show to strengthen our connection with patrons through the Ford’s social media profiles. 
  Scripps College and Pomona College, Claremont, CA 
 
              Spring 2012 - Fall 2014 
 
            
•  Choreographer, Sound Operator, Creator of Poster Design - “In the Works” Dec. 2014, Dec. 2013 
•  Performer - “In the Works” Dec. 2012, “Scripps Dances” May 2012 , “Fast Forward” May 2012  
   Summers 2013, 2012 
          
 
 
 
Dance Studio No. 1, Dance Teacher, Los Angeles, CA  
Instructor of Ballet, Modern and Tap dance classes at all levels and ages. Fostered a creative learning 
environment and warm community, and built close relationships with students, parents, and teachers. 
Venice Family Clinic, Spanish/English Medical Interpreter, Los Angeles, CA      
  Summer 2013 
         
 
Warner Bros. Studios Corporate Archives, Intern, Burbank, CA  
         
            
 
 
  Summer 2011 
•  Catalogued costumes & props, as well as film & TV photographs using digital and analog databases.  
            
 
 Sarah Lawrence College Dance Intensive, Paris, France 
     Spring 2014 
 
 
 
                             Fall 2011- Spring 2015 
 
 
 
Scripps College, Pomona College, Claremont, CA 
•  Advanced Ballet, Modern with Holly Johnston, John Pennington, Joel Smith, Choreography and Improvisation 
with Ronnie Brosterman, Irish, Sevillanas, African, Israeli, Laban with Laurie Cameron, Tech operation. 
          
 
Dance Studio No. 1, Los Angeles, CA 
 
 
 
 
   1999 to 2011 
 
•  Twelve Years of Royal Academy of Dance Training through the Advanced II level. Studied & performed Ballet, 
Pointe, Modern, Jazz, Tap, Irish dance. Colburn School: Rhythm Tap with Hiroshi Hamanishi, Sarah Reich. 
•  Spanish: Fluent conversationally, excellent formal writing, competent medical translator. 
•  French: Advanced conversation, comprehension, and writing, excellent pronunciation. 
•  Chinese: Elementary; Microsoft Office and Adobe Photoshop Suites, Social Media Marketing. 

Dance Experience  

Skills 

 

• 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

