Qidong (Eric) Chen 

7 W 108st, Apt 4A, New York, NY 10025 | qc2177@columbia.edu | 929-215-2968 

EDUCATION 
Columbia University, Graduate School of Arts and Sciences 

Master of Mathematics in Finance 

New York City, NY 

Sep. 2016 – Dec. 2017 

  Coursework: Stochastic Process, Time Series, Linear Regression, Data Structure, Hedge Fund Strategies & Risks 

Central University of Finance and Economics, Chinese Academy of Finance and Development 

Beijing, China 

Bachelor of Finance (GPA: 3.92/4.00, Rank: 1/64) 

Sep. 2012 – Jun. 2016 

  Honors: Graduation with Honors (1%), Dean’s list (1%), CFA Student Scholarship (1%) 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

China Finance Quant Technical Investment 

Beijing, China 

Quantitative Analyst Intern 
  Developed intraday and interday systematic trading strategies over 10 commodity futures by technical analysis on 

      Apr. 2016 – Aug. 2016 

 

Tradeblazer. Three strategies with average annual Sharpe Ratio over 2 have been adopted by the company 
Improved current trading models by selecting the optimal trading signals based on cross validation to overcome the 
problem of overfitting and presented analysis and results to the portfolio manager 

  Back-tested over 20 trading ideas such as Statistical Arbitrage to test the efficiency of commodity futures market 

Standard Chartered Bank (VBA) 

Beijing, China 

Credit Risk Intern 
  Conducted due diligence and other credit risk check of over 30 clients through financial statements and legal records 

      Aug. 2015 – Oct. 2015 

 

 

Published over 10 industry reports to analyze the market trend and help credit approvers to make better decisions 

Prepared a hairy chart with 6m forward curves and 6m SHIBOR using VBA for manager’s reference 

BZM Innovation Technology (C++) 

Beijing, China 

Assistant Financial Analyst 
  Collected data of over 27,000 P2P products from web scraping, stored and sorted nominal and cardinal data in linked list 

May. 2015 – Aug. 2015 

  Designed a binary search tree to store large scale of data in order and improved the search efficiency by tree rotation 

  Conducted analytic hierarchy process to evaluate P2P companies and provided recommendations to the manager  

PROJECT EXPERIENCE 

Time Series Modeling in Return Prediction and Evaluation (R) 
  Constructed IID model, AR-GARCH model and AR-Garman-Klass volatility model to estimate the daily expected returns 

Columbia University, Fall 2016 

and volatilities of 100 stocks by using rolling windows of close price and compared their forecast errors 

  Optimized portfolio weight based on Markowitz Portfolio Theory and evaluated portfolio performance of above models 
  Dynamically calibrated parameters of ARMA-GARCH model, LOESS method and neural network model to estimate the 

expected returns of 1-minute high frequency data with transaction cost on a rolling basis 

  Back-tested a high frequency trading strategy based on different models and evaluated their portfolio performance 

Mathematical & Interdisciplinary Contest in Modeling, 2015 (Python) 

COMAP, Feb. 2015 

Meritorious Winner (above or equivalent to 99.5% global participants), Team Leader 
  Built quantitative models with K-means clustering, principal component analysis and analytic hierarchy process to rank 

 

countries according to sustainability level. Our rank showed a highly consistent with rank reported by consulting company 
Performed Machine Learning methods such as leave-one-out cross validation and variable selection methods, including 
LASSO regression and forward stepwise to improve the efficiency of previous models 

SKILLS & CERTIFICATES 

Programming   

C++/C, Python, R, VBA/Excel, SQL, SPSS 

Certificate 

Hobbies 

 

CFA Level II Candidate, FRM Level II Candidate 

Philosophy, Psychology, Tennis, Short stories writing 

