Fangyu (Edward) Qu 

125 W 109th St, Apt 7L, New York, NY 10025  

(917) 497-5345  | fq2141@columbia.edu  | linkedin.com/in/edwardqu 

EDUCATION 

Columbia  University,  Department  of Mathematics 
MA in Mathematics  of Finance;; 
  Coursework: Stochastic Processes and Applications, Statistical Inference and Time  - Series Modeling, Introduction to the 
Mathematics of Finance, Hedge Funds Strategies & Risk, Data Mining, Numerical Methods In Finance, Programming For 
Quant& Computational Finance, Stochastics Methods in Finance. 

New York, NY 
Expected  Feb. 2018 

Sun Yat - sen  University,  School of Mathematics 
BS in Mathematics (GPA 3.6/4.0); minor in Finance; 
  Coursework:  Mathematical Analysis, Stochastic  Processes,  Probability,  Statistics, C++, Differential Equations. 
  Honor: Merit-based Scholarship (top 5%); Meritorious Winner in US Mathematical Contest in Modeling (top 13%); BNP 

Guangzhou,  China 
Sep. 2012 - May. 2016 

Paribas Ace Manger Challenge (top 8%). 

University of California, Berkeley  
Summer Exchange Student (GPA 4.0/4.0) 
  Coursework:  Investments. 

PROFESSIONAL  EXPERIENCE 

Guangzhou Global Asset Management, Co. 

Berkeley, CA 
Jul. - Aug. 2015 

Guangzhou, China 

Winter  Intern,  Financial Engineering Analyst  
  Researched  a   Matlab-based trading  strategy  by building Support Vector Machine Classification to distinguish ‘profitable’ 

Nov. 2015 - Mar. 2016 

inflection points from CSI300 Index’s candlestick chart. 

  Back-tested  and improved  the strategy  by monitoring realized volatility; obtained a 15.6% higher annualized return and a  

4.8% lower drawdown in the back-testing; achieved 35% annualized return in real trading. 

  Built a Python-based monitoring system that visualizes relevant indicators of SSE50 ETF Options (Greeks on positions, 
realized vol and implied vol chart, implied vol skew, term structure) to help traders control risk and develop strategies. 

  Traded Chinese SSE50 ETF Options as a team member with a book of 1 million RMB and executed real market experiments  

on volatility trading strategies in Chinese options market. 

China CITIC Securities 
Spring Intern, Financial Product Assistant 
  Evaluated the roadshows of 5 various PE firms, performed PE fund industry analysis and due diligence on target companies. 
  Constructed roadshow slides to design PE industry conglomerate by performing comparative analysis on Guangzhou and  

Guangzhou, China 
Feb. – Mar. 2015 

other financial centers; accelerated the construction of the first PE industry site in Guangzhou. 

PROJECT  EXPERIENCE 

 

  Smart Alpha Strategy Research                                                                                                                            Nov.-Dec. 2016 
Implemented Black and Litterman’s model by starting from a prior (or benchmark) while using non-quantified relative views 
as shown in Almgren and Chris’ portfolio optimal method. 
Back-tested and compared the result with the benchmark, achieving 1.11% more Sharpe ratio and an information ratio of 0.81. 

 

Stock Valuation for El Polo Loco 
  Conducted industry analysis, competitor analysis, and SWOT analysis on Loco; analyzed the financial ratios based on the 

Jul. - Aug. 2015 

company’s annual report obtained from various data platforms (Bloomberg, FactSet, Yahoo). 

  Applied CAPM, ARIMA, and FCFC models to perform valuation (R-based) on the stock. 
The Ebola Virus (modified 3 - stage SEIR Model) 
  Developed a Modified 3 - Stage SEIR Model to simulate the pattern of Ebola contagion; applied stochastic process and  

 Feb. 2015 

maximum likelihood method to estimate the model parameters.  

  Predicted demands for medication of each region based on the above dynamic model and used the Modified P-center  

model to design an optimal delivery and locations selection system. 

EXTRACURRICULAR EXPERIENCE 

China CITIC Options Training Camp 
Member 
  Entered the camp with 4.8% acceptance rate as the only undergraduate student; researched theoretical volatility trading 

Beijing, China 
Sep. 2015 - Feb. 2016 

strategies and applied to real market (SSE50 ETF Options) analysis. 

SKILLS & HOBBIES 
  Computer:  C/C++,  Python,  Matlab, R, Excel/VBA. 
  Languages:  Mandarin (native), English (fluent). 
  Hobbies:  Jogging, swimming, basketball, football, skiing, emcee (15-year). 

