8930 61 ½ Avenue North 
New Hope, MN 55428 
 
OBJECTIVE 

DANIEL BERNARD 

http://www.linkedin.com/in/danieljohnbernard 

612-756-9326 
berna228@d.umn.edu 

A full time position focusing on reliability in electrical engineering or computer science in medical electronics. 

 
EDUCATION 

University of Minnesota Duluth 
Bachelor of Science 
Major: Electrical and Computer Engineering 

Overall GPA: 2.9/4.0 

 
SKILLS, COURSE AND LAB WORK 

May 2014 

  Hardware: Laptop and desktop repair and assembly, updated and installed drivers, BIOS updates 
  Equipment: FPGA, Motorola S12 Microcomputer, Oscilloscope, Digital Multimeter, Soldering Iron 
  Programming Languages: Java, VHDL, C++, C, Visual C++, TI-BASIC 
  Software: MS Office 2013, PSpice, MATLAB, Cadence, Mathematica, Visual Studios, Netbeans, Eclipse 
  Skills: Teamwork, Adaptability, Communication, Data Analysis, Time Management, FDA, CAPA 

 

Senior Design Project 
Electromagnetic Fields 
Electronics II 

 
EXPERIENCE 

Multiprocessor-Based System Design 
Operating Systems 
Software Analysis and Design 

Computer Architecture 
Control Systems 
Engineering Mechanics

Software Informatics Test Intern, Medtronic Diabetes, Northridge, California 
  Retroactive process analysis for test and development teams. 
  Coordinated assignments for multiple teams, including 8 temporary workers and 10 full time developers. 
 
Webmaster, IEEE UMD Student Branch, Duluth, Minnesota 
  Designed and maintain a webpage servicing the officers and members of IEEE UMD Student Branch. 
  Coordinate mail system for weekly notification of 60 members and inform new students about work and 

December 2012-present 

May 2013-August 2013 

scholarly opportunities. 

 
Virus Specialist, Novabuild Solutions, Minneapolis and Duluth, Minnesota 
  Worked with a team of four other Team Members to perform maintenance for three repeat clients. 
  Provided server backup, system operating maintenance, and workspace computer construction. 
  Sold hardware and software to clients in support of system maintenance. 
  Constructed 15 desktop tower computers. 
 
Cashier, Target Corporation, Plymouth, Minnesota 
  One of the top ranked cashiers in the region. 
  Train new team members in front end services including cashiering, guest service, and photo lab. 
  Assist with guest support if there are discrepancies with other Team Members, or the store. 
  Perform tasks in support of store audits. 

November 2009-present 

January 2009-July 2011 

 
LEADERSHIP AND SERVICE 

Public Relations Rep., IEEE UMD Student Branch, Duluth, Minnesota 
  Organized tours of engineering workplaces for EE/ECE students at UMD. 
  Presented at informational meetings at UMD regarding upcoming events and presentations. 
  Planed and coordinated activities with a team of six other officers. 

December 2011-December 2012 

Scouting Program, Boy Scouts of America, Troop 3405, Crystal, Minnesota 
  Eagle Rank: Leadership positions held: Senior Patrol, Assistant Senior Patrol Leader, Patrol Leader, 

September 1997-present 

Assistant Patrol Leader, and Librarian 

  Venture Scouts: Peek-a-Boo! Puppet Team: Work with young children to teach safety and nature studies 

American Counselor, Guy Healy Japan, USA Summer Camp, Kyushu, Japan 
  Taught 10 groups of 150 students ranging from ages 5 to 17 and taught English over a six-week period 
  Enhanced curriculum and schedule with a team of 10 counselors to accommodate special needs to ensure 

June 2010-August 2010 

 

 

program was successful 

 
ACTIVITIES: 

Webmaster, IEEE UMD Student Branch 
Vice President/General Officer, Anime aXcess 

December 2012-present 
September 2010-present 

