Honors and Memberships 
Dean’s List 6 out of 6 terms – Lake Superior College 
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) member since 09/10 
 
  
Employment History 
06/08 – Present.  RWC Construction  
Carpenter 
Duties Include: Building projects from ground up. Work with other employees to complete tasks. Tasks include: 
concrete work, framing, siding, roofing, sheetrock, trim and finish work. The use and maintenance of heavy 
equipment.  Designing building projects on computer aided design software.  
 
1/12 – 1/13 PDM Bridge, LLC 
CNC Programmer 
Duties Include: Planning, Programming and Executing the fabrication of assembly parts for the fabrication of 
bridges and structural steel buildings. Coordinate with other management in order to adhere to a production 
schedule. Schedule machines with Production Engineer to find most cost effective way to produce quality parts 
and optimize man-hours. Programming and troubleshooting software and hardware of control system on CNC 
machines. Machines include Kinetics K5500 Dual Spindle Drilling, Plasma, and Oxy-torch burn table; Messer 
plasma table; Ficep Angle Punch and Sheer; Ficep Drill Line Robot; and Ficep Small Drill Line Robot.  
 
2/09 – 1/12  Frahm Carpentry and Services, LLC.  
Owner/Operator 
Duties Include: coordinate and supervise construction of various projects from early development to final 
product. Negotiate with customers to develop a plan that best fits their desires and budget.  Manage 
subcontractors and employees to make projects run smoothly. Use various computer software to run business 
day in and day out.  
 
06/10 – 09/11 Calzion Construction – Wausau Homes 
Foreman Carpenter  
Duties Include: Coordination of employee tasks, communication between supplier and company owners. Work 
alongside other employees while coordinating the tasks of the project.  Equipment operation as well as 
maintenance.  Communicate with customers about the intensions of the company and report desires of customer 
back to Project Managers.    
 
03/07 – 05/08   Brothers Construction and Insulation  
Forman Carpenter 
Duties Include: Building projects from ground up. Work with other employees to complete tasks. Tasks include: 
framing, siding, roofing, Insulating, trim and finish work. The use and maintenance of heavy equipment.  
Ordering of material and communication with Job Superintendent about coordinating tasks for my crew. 
 
 
References Available Upon Request. 

