www.linkedin.com/in/augustmcnab | Page 2 of 2 

 

August McNab   
 
 
 
UC DAVIS | NAPA VALLEY GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION SYSTEM PROJECT  
Independent applied study class using Geographic Information System in Napa Valley.  
 
Student | Intern, Napa, CA  
Worked under Xiaowei Wang, Designer of Meedan Labs, analyzing sun, soil, and 
precipitation levels of different areas in Napa Valley. Researched geological survey data of 
different microcosms of Napa Valley, overlaid Robert Parker’s scores for Wine Spectator, 
and reviewed real estate data—identifying specific areas in California with a high probability 
of producing quality grapes. 
 
!! Received accolades from faculty and students for developing innovative process to identify areas in California to 
produce quality wine—combined extensive knowledge of wine industry, programming skills, and research capabilities. 

Ecosystem Analysis 
Converging Skills 
Environmental Rating 
Presentation Skills 
Research Acumen  

3/2014 – 6/2014 

!! Recommended by faculty to start a business and sell data to wine industry. 
 

P R O F E S S I O N A L   E X P E R I E N C E  

 

HILLSTONE RESTAURANT GROUP 
Owns and operates 47 restaurants under 13 different brands across U.S.—Houston’s, Bandera, Gulfstream, Rutherford Grill, etc. 
 
Manager | Corporate Trainer | Unit Accountant, Los Angeles, CA, Atlanta, GA, and Rutherford, CA 
Delivered recognized excellent customer service while performing a multitude of positions 
over 8 years starting as a Server progressing to a Manager at the Rutherford Grill in Napa 
Valley—highest grossing location across nation. Managed up to 20 employees providing 
direction, redefining processes, hiring staff, resolving employee issues, and delivering training. 
Reported to Regional Executive General Manager. 
 
!! Contributed to $13M annual revenue growth after 10 years of flat growth—provided efficient management of 

Top People Skills 
Customer Service Focus 
Operation Execution 
Talent Selection 
Training & Development 

2006 – 2014    

teams, streamlined processes, initiated policy changes. 

!! Achieved repeated promotions to positions traditionally offered to graduates of hospitality programs. 
!! Consistently ranked in top 3 front-of-house employees.  
 

AUGUST MCNAB PHOTOGRAPHY 
Professional photographer capturing unique personalities and stories across Atlanta and Los Angeles. 
 
Owner | Freelance Photographer, Atlanta, GA, and Los Angeles, CA 
Client Satisfaction 
Entrepreneur developed own business, built client relationships, and honed technical skills. 
Financial Management 
Edited and sorted digital raw images. Managed team of 3 administrative staff in a demanding, 
Business Development 
fast-paced environment with as many as 10 clients scheduled daily.  
 
!! Launched own successful photography studio—managed all business development, marketing, client management, 

2005 – 2010  

and photography. 

!! Fine-tuned ability to work and connect with a wide array of people from all walks of life. 
!! Delivered on-time photography projects, receiving high praise from clients. 
!! Managed all financial aspects, from bookkeeping to billing to accounts receivables. 

 

 

