215 Sage Street, #323 
Davis, CA 95616 

 

 

AUGUST MCNAB 

 ENVIRONMENTAL PLANNER 

(310) 633-0065 
augustmcnab@me.com 

 
Accomplished professional completing Bachelor of Science in Environmental Policy Analysis & Planning degree. 
Combine dedication to environment with over 5 years leadership and 8 years of professional work experience. Honed ability to 
connect with people, lead teams, and provide high client satisfaction. Deliver well-executed, highly-visible environmental analysis. 
Innovative thinker and builder of strong, collaborative partnerships.  
 

!! Environmental assessment 
!! Inter-disciplinary team 

participation and leadership 

!! Excellent communication with 
all levels within an organization 

!! Project and team leadership 

!! Project management 
!! Strong interpersonal and 
customer service skills  

 

 
Candidate for Bachelor of Science in Environmental Policy Analysis & Planning degree 
University of California, Davis, CA 

-! Expected graduation June 2015 
-! Achieved high academic marks while working full-time – Dean’s List, Fall 2014, Winter 2015, top 16% of student body 

E D U C A T I O N  

 
Georgia State University, Atlanta, GA 
-! Business courses – 30 credits 

 
Environmental courses: 

Environmental geology, physical oceanography, environmental law, water policy and politics, 
geographic information systems, coastal oceanography, environmental analysis, environmental policy 
evaluation, coastal marine research, biological oceanography, statistics for biosciences, environmental 
engineering, water law, urban and regional planning, public lands management, natural resource 
economics, ocean and coastal policy, policy process, and viticulture and enology. 

Science and business courses:  Chemistry, biology, physics, statistics, applied research methods, macroeconomics, microeconomics, 

Industry guidelines and 
technology skills: 

 

calculus, and technology. 
-! ESRI ArcGIS, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, SAS JMP, Matlab, MS Office 
-! CEQA, NEPA 
-! Mac, PC  
-! Environmental Impact Assessments 

E N V I R O N M E N T A L   S C I E N C E   P R O J E C T S  

 
PESCADERO ESTUARY | BODEGA MARINE LABORATORY  
Leader in multidisciplinary research aimed at solving complex environmental problems in coastal ecosystems.  
 
Student Volunteer | Intern, Pescadero, CA 
Identified potential causes of annual juvenile salmonid cessation during times of sandbar 
closure. Researched effects of estuary depth on water stratification and localized dissolved 
oxygen variance. Collected and analyzed historical data. Conducted onsite assessment. 
Mentee of Professor John Largier, former Research Oceanographer at the Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography. 
 
!! Part of 2-person team identifying areas where estuary fell below minimum thresholds of dissolved oxygen levels causing 
intermittent fish kills—reviewed 2 years of data of over 11,000 entries. Isolated 3 specific areas within 150 acres of land. 

Environmental Impact 
Research and Preparation 
On-site Assessments 
Data Analysis 
Technical Knowledge 

7/2014 – 10/2014 

!! Selected from large pool of applicants to be part of 15-student team. 

