 
 

Michael Durkee 

8329 Story Ridge Way 
Antelope, CA 95843 

(916) 459-8120 

Durkeem@gmail.com 

OBJECTIVE:  Obtain an entry level career position in civil engineering where I can apply my internship experience and education 
while continuing to grow along my career path. 

EDUCATION:     

Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering, University of California, Davis (GPA 3.60) 
Anticipated graduation: June 2015  
Engineer-in-Training (EIT), California, Certificate No. 154583, December 2014 

Relevant Coursework:  

Engineering Hydraulics  
Water Quality Management   Spatial Data Analysis (AutoCAD & GIS) 

Green Engineering Design and Sustainability  Hydrology and Floodplain Analysis 

Structural Design: Metallic Elements 

EXPERIENCE: 

Engineer Student Intern, Sacramento Regional County Sanitation District 

 

 

 

    April 2013 – Present 

Collection System Experience 
  Lead the development of an Operator Training Guide for a 10 MGD collection system pump station.  

  Collaborate and work in teams with operators to reconcile design manuals with current practices, confirm 

operating parameters and control logic, develop operation manuals, and label equipment for operator training. 

  Review, field verify, and markup As-Built plans and GIS site representations for collection system pump stations. 

  Research regulations and update forms, training presentations, manuals, quick reference guides, and emergency 
response kits to ensure compliance and assist in maintaining a Sanitary Sewer Overflow Response Plan, a Sewer 
System Management Plan, and a Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure Plan. 

Wastewater Treatment Plant Experience 
  Coordinate with outside departments and contractors for hazardous materials sampling, transportation, and 

disposal of vegetation grown on closed dedicated land disposal sites. 

  Collect, verify, and summarize wastewater treatment plant operations data (e.g. Flow, EC, pH, Temp, TOC, DOC, 

etc.) and ensure outliers are accurate for intra-agency and inter-agency data requesters. 

  Developed and assisted in developing over 5 technical memorandums to optimize recurring work procedures. 

Construction Laborer, Nelson & Oreglia Custom Design Concrete 

 

 

          Seasonally, May 2010 – Sep 2012 

  Prepared and maintained clean construction sites to ensure safe conditions while optimizing construction flow. 

 

Installed over 5,000 steel reinforcing bars, as illustrated on plans or directed by supervisor and assisted in building 
and dismantling concrete forms. 

  Graded construction sites, filled potholes, and dug footings in preparation for pouring concrete. 

Health Care Specialist (Medic), United States Army   

 

 

 

 

               Sep 2006 – April 2010 

  Supervised and managed personnel including coaching, developing detailed evaluations, scheduling, and job 

assignments for a staff of 6 soldiers. 

  Designed and delivered medical and safety management training for groups of up to 35 staff members. 

  Provided initial care, including triage, combat emergency care, and field medicine for over 1,000 patients. 

COMPUTER SKILLS: 

 

Adobe Acrobat Pro and Microsoft Office Suite including Visio and Excel 
AutoCAD, GIS, and Flowmaster 

PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATIONS: 

American Society of Civil Engineers, Student Chapter 
American Water Works Association  

INTERESTS AND ACTIVITIES:    

 

Woodworking, camping, backpacking, snowboarding, watersports, and automotive tinkering 

