JUNWEI TANG 

Address: 1216 Old West Dr, Sacramento CA 95834 
 Phone: (916) 200-9737 Email: jwtang@ucdavis.edu 

To obtain a full-time position as a project engineer at Build Group Inc.   

 
OBJECTIVE: 
                                     
EDUCATION: 

  

 

 

Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering   
University of California Davis 
Degree expected June 2015    
GPA:   3.03/4.00 

 
RELATED COURSEWORK:               
Structural Analysis, Structural Design of Metallic Elements, Soil Mechanics, Pavement 
Engineering, Structural Design of Concrete Elements, Mechanics of Materials, Construction 
Management & Principles, Engineering Economics, Probability Analysis for Civ. Engrs                       
 
SKILLS: 

Computer Skills: C Programming, MATLAB, OpenPave, EverFE, AutoCAD, 
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel), ProjectLibre 
Languages: Fluent in written and spoken Chinese 

 
EXPERIENCES: 
ASCE Construction Management Team, UC Davis, Davis, CA, 1/15 – 4/15 
Designed, prepared, and performed construction of a bike parking structure on the UC Davis 
campus for the ASCE MidPacific competition. Performed design work on dimensions of 
concrete band, the 2 percent grade required for drainage, the depths of each sublayer, etc. 
Estimated total cost of materials, collaborated with proposal team, and assisted project team in 
building the structure. Team obtained first place in the competition.                      
 
PROJECTS: 
Pavement Design Street Reconstruction, UC Davis, Davis, CA, 9/14 – 12/15 
Designed the reconstruction of a street leading from the I-80 interstate to the unloading docks of 
a given set warehouses. Determined an appropriate cross-section design for the pavement, which 
would  not  fail  under  certain  fatigue  and  rutting  situations,  for  a  specified  design  life.  Applied 
OpenPave software for flexible pavement design and EverFE for rigid pavement design.  
 
Grant Line Expressway Construction Management, UC Davis, Davis, CA, 1/15 – 3/15      
Wrote  proposal  for  the  Grant  Line  Expressway  Project,  which  aimed  to  expand  the  two-lane 
expressway  route  into  a  four-lane  route in  order to  provide more  fluent  traffic  environment  for 
commuters between Elk Grove and El Dorado Hills and  to increase the economic development 
around  Sacramento.  Included  stakeholders  and  goals,  SWOT  Analysis,  cost  estimates,  Quality 
Management  Plan,  and  risk  analysis.  Constructed  Work  Breakdown  Structure  and  Gantt  chart 
using ProjectLibre.        

LEADERSHIP: 
Surgery Volunteer, Kaiser Permanente, Sacramento, CA, 9/10—5/11 

  Assisted health care team with post surgery care of patients  
  Maintained clean operating room 
  Assisted nurses with stocking supplies 

