KALEN  KLINGBERG 

kalen.klingberg@sbcglobal.net 

 

Current Address: 224 A St, Davis, CA 95616  •  (209) 743-7419 
Permanent Address: 23261 Quail Drive, Twain Harte, CA 95383 

 

University of California Davis 
Bachelor of Science: Civil Engineering 
Continuing Student – Graduation Spring 2015 
 

Education: 
 
 
 
 
Work History:   
 
 
 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

SFPUC Civil Engineering Intern 
 
 

 
(Hetch Hetchy Water and Power) – Moccasin, CA 
Student Design Trainee III.  Full Time Summers of 2013 and 2014 

 

June 2013-Sept 2014 

  Site investigations and analysis of pipe section replacements, blowoff structures, tunnels, 

aqueducts, and aerial crossings (including work on San Joaquin pipeline, Kirkwood Penstock, 
and Lower Cherry Aqueduct Emergency Rehabilitation Project) of the Hetchy System.  
  Lower Cherry Aqueduct Emergency Rehabilitation Project (LCA) - Work encompassed 

extensive repairs to pre-existing aqueduct, including; Field notes, measurements, quantity 
estimates and calculations, drawings, forebay investigations, tunnel exploration, review of 
submittal logs, and writing reports and transmittals.   

  Reports on cost analysis for materials, equipment, and man hours for various projects.  
  Work with Project Managers and Engineers on projects including spreadsheets for Hetchy 

system database, vaults, blowoffs, and pipe replacement drawings and reports. 

  Analysis of profile drawings for determination of pipe types, coatings, linings, fittings, 

blowoffs, pitches, etc, for future projects.  

  Priest Dam Upgrade – Analysis of earthen dam for core wall deflection and settlement. Report 
on the function of various surveying beacons, piezometers and weirs for the determination of 
upgrades.  

  Small water disinfection reports 
  Rim Fire rehabilitation budget and contracting. 

 

 
ASUCD Bike Barn - Davis, CA 
Service Manager/Mechanic 
  Repair, build and sell bicycles and components. 
  Provide mechanical assistance to general public and fellow workers. 
  Manage workflow within the shop and deal with sales.  

 

Dec 2011-Present 

 
Klingberg Construction, Inc. - Twain Harte, CA 
Carpenter & Crew Lead.  Full time in Summer 
  Foundation & framing of new homes and remodels. 
  Supervised labor. 
  Experience with standard framing as well as SIP (Structurally Insulated Panels). 

2009-2012 
  

 

