Aditya Agarwal 

(408) 691-0798 

adiagarwal@ucdavis.edu 

 
EDUCATION:  

Bachelors of Science: Chemical Engineering           Expected graduation: December 2015    
University of California, Davis 
 

      GPA: 3.06/4.000         

            

 

      

 

 

 

 

SKILLS: 

  Laboratory: Distillation, Titration, Pipetting, Extractions, Vacuum 
  Computer: MATLAB, Microsoft Office, Aspen 
  Language: Fluent in English and Hindi 

 
EXPERIENCE: 
Safety Team Lead: Chem-E Car 

 

 

 

 

 

 October 2014-present 

  Lead a team of students to write documentation for the Chem-E car.  
  Work with other team leaders to gather data about power and stopping 

mechanisms. 

  Monitor safety habits of other teams. 

 
Research Assistant: Biomedical Engineering Department, UC Davis     July 2013-October 2013  

  Researched the best dyes to use for imaging vesicles based on chemical properties. 
  Assisted graduate student on performing research into properties of lipid vesicles. 
  Prepared lipids with a buffer and formed vesicles using the process of electroformation. 
  Studied temperature, buffer, and acidity effects on vesicle formation. 
  Observed properties using fluorescent microscopy technique.  

 
Community Assistant: Carmel Partners 

 

 

 

 

 

        July 2013 

  Maintained cleanliness around the property. 
  Worked with a team to pressure wash the apartment complex.  

 

ACTIVITIES: 
American Institute of Chemical Engineers 

 

 

          

  Historian                                                                                              October 2014-present 

  Take photos for club events and upload them online. 
  Put together resume book for Night with Industry 2014.   

  Junior Representative  

 

 

 

 

   September 2013- June 2014 

  Co led a committee to plan and execute the 2014 AICHE Western Regional 

Poster Competition and Chem E Car Competition at UC Davis. 

  Made announcements about meetings and upcoming events before class. 

 

 
 
 

