Quinn Taylor 

(864) 270-8775 

Quinntaylor@sandiego.edu 

Education 
University of San Diego (USD), San Diego, CA 
BA in Biology, Minors in Chemistry and Environmental Studies, Expected May 2017 
GPA: 3.42, Dean’s List First Honors Spring 2016, Dean’s List Second Honors 3 semesters 
 
Coursework 
Ecology 
Research Methods in Biology 
Conservation Biology 
Rainforest Research Techniques 

Organismal Diversity 
Evolution  
Coastal Environmental Science 
Environmental Issues and Ethics 

Cell Biology and Biochemistry 
Genetics 
General and Organic Chemistry 
Physics and Calculus 

Skills 

●  Field Work, Transects, Quadrats 
●  Soil Sampling and Soil Chemistry Techniques 
●  Aseptic and Bacterial Culture Techniques 
●  Following detailed lab protocols independently 
●  Statistical Analysis with R  

●  ANOVA, Chi Square, and T test statistics 
●  Analysis of Primary Literature 
●  Literature Reviews and Research Proposals 
●  Presentation of Scientific Research and Concepts to 

Scientific and General Audiences

 
Research Experience 
Morton Arboretum Center for Tree Scientist Undergraduate Research Fellow, Lisle IL (Summer 2016) 

●  Performed an independent research project studying the effects of controlled forest burning on soil to determine the 

effectiveness of burning treatments and develop management recommendations.  

●  Learned and practiced field and lab techniques in soil biogeochemistry sampling and analysis.  
●  Communicated scientific research with PowerPoint and poster presentations at research symposiums.  

 
Volunteer in Research Lab, USD Biology Department (Spring 2016) 

● 

Identified species and assessed hybridization patterns in individuals using microscopy techniques in order to better 
conserve and manage endangered crustacean populations.  

 
School for Field Studies, Center for Rainforest Studies, Queensland Australia (Summer 2015) 

●  Learned techniques for rainforest restoration through field research, data analysis, and written presentation of results.  
●  Gained experience in a variety of ecology skills while living and studying at a remote research station.  

 
Leadership Experience 
Preceptorial Assistant, USD College of Arts and Sciences (Spring 2014-Fall 2015) 

●  Guided first year students in the social and academic transition to college through a peer mentor program.  

 
Be The Match Bone Marrow Registry Club, USD Chapter President, Marketing and PR Director (Fall 2014-Present) 

●  Educated USD community about the national bone marrow registry and signed up over 100 new potential donors. 

 
Biology Laboratory Teaching Assistant, USD (Fall 2015) 

●  Guided 30+ students in biology experiments and activities while maintaining a safe lab environment.  
●  Presented previous research experiences to students in pre-lab lecture.  

 
USD Division 1 Varsity Rowing Team (2013-14 and 2016-17 seasons) 

●  Served a leadership role by motivating and organizing athletes as a coxswain. 

 
Other Employment and Volunteer Experience 
Hospital Volunteer (2010-2015) 

●  Served patients and staff in various areas including: emergency room, pharmacy, NICU, and MICU. 

 
Community Pool Head Lifeguard, Trophy Club, TX (2010-2015) 

●  Maintained the safety of the pool area, responded to emergency situations, and managed and trained lifeguards.  

 
Swim Lessons Instructor (2009-2015) 

●  Developed and organized swim lessons business and taught private lessons to over 50 kids.  

