Robert J. Walker 
42 Meadowbrook Lane – Stafford, VA – 22554 – (540) 848-4149 

SUMMARY 

 

Mr. Walker has software design and development experience in support of the Department of Defense 

 
(DoD). Using Java and C++ languages, he performed development of unit test procedure and simulations of a 
tactical training system for the United States Navy. He also has 5 years of experience in the entrepreneurial online 
space, having developed or worked for 5 revenue-driven web-based companies, the most successful of which 
currently hails over 110,000 unique viewers per month. His experience includes web development in HTML, CSS 
and Wordpress, marketing for ecommerce and management of multiple employees. He is currently an Industrial & 
Systems Engineering student at the University of San Diego. 

EDUCATION 

University of San Diego   

 

 

 

                                                 San Diego, California 

  Expected BS & BA in Industrial and Systems Engineering (2018) 

 

3.81 Cumulative GPA/ Dean’s List First Honors 

  USD Scholarship awarded for excellence in academics and service 

  Applicable courses include: Computer Programming, Applied Mathematics for Engineers, Public Speaking, 

Engineering Probability and Statistics, Work Analysis & Design, Operations Research and Engineering 
Economics 

EXPERIENCE 

ThinkEatLift                            

 

 

 

Marketing Manager and Equity Owner 

 

 

 

 

                                   San Diego, California 

                                February 2016-present 

  Run daily marketing sales tactics, managing over 110,000 unique monthly users. 

  Maintain website and software development, working in HTML, CSS, and Wordpress. 

  Manage social media accounts with over 110,000 subscribers across 3 platforms. 

SimVentions                            

 

 

 

                                           Fredericksburg, Virginia 

 

Electronic Warfare Software Engineering Intern 

 

                                                Summer 2016 

  Developed simulations for US Navy under a Secret Security clearance. 

  Performed unit test procedures as quality assurance of deliverables. 

  Programmed in Java and C++ in Windows and Linux OS. 

 Technical Marketing Agency 

 

Co-founder and Owner 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                   San Diego, California 

                                  Summer 2015-present 

  Design and create both personal and business-oriented websites on a client by client basis. 

  Lead two employees in development instruction and general management. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                              Los Angeles, California 

 

 

                                 Summer 2015 

  Wrote daily research-based articles on assigned topics pertaining to testosterone-related topics. 

  Perform various office-related tasks for the president of the company. 

The Better Foundation 

 

Research Writer   

 

 

