Alexis Dachs 

755 Island Ct. • San Diego, CA 92109 

(702) 283-7161 

alexisdachs@sandiego.edu 

 
EDUCATION 

 

 

 

AWARDS 

 
EXPERIENCE 

University of San Diego, Honors Program  
Architecture Major / Business Administration and Management Minors 
Dean’s List First Honors, 3.97 Overall GPA 
Semester at Sea, Study Abroad 
                                Fall 2015 
•  Sketched and studied different aspects of the architecture from the eleven emerging and developed 

                             Anticipated Graduation May 2017 

 

 

 

 

countries I traveled to 

University of Southern California, Exploration of Architecture   
•  Completed a competitive 2-week intensive architecture program prior to high school graduation 

                        Summer 2012 

California Homebuilding Foundation 2015 Hall of Fame Scholarship 
•  Awarded to an ambitious student pursing a career in the building or construction industry 
Southern NV Chapter International Code Council Award  
•  Competitive scholarship awarded to promising students pursing a career in project construction 

management, engineering, or architecture 

USD Circle of Excellence 
•  Awarded for academic achievement, leadership, and service  

 
           San Diego, CA 
Rudolph and Sletten  
          February 2015-present 
Project Engineer Intern 
•  Developed scopes and budgets for over a two dozen commercial construction projects by analyzing 

 
        

   
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

the blueprints and specs produced by the architect and engineers.  

•  Contacted subcontractors to bid on various projects and then wrote up their subcontracts 
•  Managed the over 5 commercial construction projects at a time alongside the Project Manager for 

companies such as: Qualcomm, Microsoft and Precision Toxicology. 

 

 

 
 

•  Tracked change orders, submittals and Request for Information changes in all projects. 
Student Support Services    
Peer Tutor 
 
•  Tutored college students in every class that I have previously taken at the University of San Diego 
Developers Choice Inc.  
Architecture Intern 
•  Produced a set of architectural elevations, sections, floor, roof and site plans compliant with 
international building codes and local agencies that were submitted to the City of Las Vegas 
Building Department. This residential project is currently built. 

 
           San Diego, CA 
   September 2014-May 2015 

 
           Las Vegas, NV 
                        Summer 2014  

         
 

         
 

 
     

 
  

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 
SKILLS 

 
ACTIVITIES 

•  Proficient in Microsoft Office 
•  Proficient in Rhino3D, Adobe Illustrator, and Bluebeam 
• 
•  Oral and written intermediate proficiency in Spanish 

Intermediate proficiency in Photoshop, AutoCAD, and Sketch Up 

I sit on Academic Integrity Hearings in order to uphold high ethical standards on campus. 

University of San Diego Honor Council - Secretary 
• 
Kappa Kappa Gamma - Philanthropy Chair 
• 
Preceptorial Assistant - Department of Architecture 
• 

 

 

 

 

I coordinate all the community service and philanthropy events for my sorority. 

  

         

 

 

       Fall 2013-present 

  Spring 2014-present 

                       Fall 2014-Spring 2015 

I was an academic and peer mentor for college freshman that were enrolled in Introduction to 
Architecture Studio.  

