 

SKILLS & 
TECHNIQUES 

RESEARCH 
EXPERIENCE 

JOB 
EXPERIENCE 
 
 
 
 
 
 

TEACHING 
EXPERIENCE 

 
LEADERSHIP 
EXPERIENCE 

 

 

50 Cambridge St · San Carlos, CA 94070 · (650) 862-4972 · ntotagrande@sandiego.edu 

Nicholas Totagrande 

Chemistry: Gravity and Vacuum Filtrations, Decantation, Titration, Uv-Vis Spectroscopy, 
Separatory, Infrared Spectroscopy, H NMR, C NMR, Mass Spectroscopy.  
 
Biology: Immunohistochemistry, Fluorescent Staining and Microscopy, Gel Electrophoresis, 
PCR, Laser-Confocal Microscopy, Light Microscopy, Vertebrate dissection techniques, 
Micropipetting, PEG embedding, Immunoprecipitation, SDS-PAGE. 

Independent Research, Biology, University of San Diego              June 2014 - Present 

•  Designed independent research project to investigate muscle development in juvenile 
yellowtail tuna. Data analysis is currently underway.  Anticipated project completion 
Fall 2016. 

•  Utilized fluorescent microscopy (immunocytochemistry technique employed along 
with vital dyes: anti-Hif, DAPI, MyoD, anti-laminin, Pax3, and Pax7) with confocal 
microscopy experience to track nuclear migration in muscle cells. 
 

Medical Research Analyst, Juno Biomedical, Inc.                           August 2016 - Present 

•  Enhancing materials developed during summer internship related to stroke patient 

Medical Research Analyst Intern, Juno Biomedical, Inc.              June 2016 - August 2016 

•  Researched industry studies related to stroke patients.  Created materials explaining 

stroke research to investors, including the pathology of stroke, the regulatory 
pathways involved, and competing products on the market.  

•  Gathered, and organized, data by utilizing and interpreting medical journals and 

research.  
 

articles. 

•  Analyzed and interpreted market study research data.  Transferred data into 

intelligible and accessible forms for a variety of audiences. 

•  Collaborated on projects with the Juno Biomedical team.  Communicated project 

•  Materials utilized by CEO to support presentations to key stakeholders, investors, as 

status on a regular basis.   

well as neurologists and neurosurgeons.   
 

Teaching Assistant, Organic Chemistry, USD                              January 2015 - May 2016 

•  Provide subject matter expertise to first and second semester organic chemistry 

students during weekly lab sessions. 

 
Student Success Coach, USD Health & Wellness Promotion      January 2016 - May 2016 

•  Educate and mentor students who are having difficulties adapting to college life. 
•  Conduct both supervised and independent sessions no longer than 30 minutes.  

 
Pi Kappa Phi Fraternity, USD                                                       January 2015 – present 
President                                                                                         

•  Lead and manage an organization of 50 members; coordinate with other fraternity and 

university organizations. 

•  Oversee all Chapter functions including the planning of social, philanthropic and 
alumni events as well as leading weekly executive and chapter meetings.  Manage 
$50,000 annual budget. 

