Alix Naugler 

(760) 978-7868 ǀ alixnaugler@sandiego.edu 

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alix-naugler-73067bbb 

 

EDUCATION 
University of San Diego, San Diego, CA  
Bachelor of Business Administration in International Business, Spanish Minor 

 

 

 

 

  USD First Honors Recipient, Anticipated Summa Cum Laude 
  Studied abroad in Madrid, Spain  

 

 

 

 

 
CAREER-RELATED EXPERIENCE 
Business Development and Analyst Intern, Bainbridge Inc., La Jolla, CA      

 
 

 

 

 
      

        Expected May 2017 
        GPA: 3.95 

 

 

            August-Dec. 2015 

      March 2016-Present 

  Communicate with key industry decision-makers and gather and analyze quantitative and qualitative data for 

 

Fortune 500 clients to uncover industry, company, and customer trends. 
Interpret gathered data to provide meaningful information to help clients with strategic decision-making on 
products, competitors, future purchases, and for use in marketing and distribution plans. 

  Update and communicate research results to stakeholders and make appropriate strategic recommendations. 
  Create information packed reports and PowerPoint deliverables to visually portray data at client presentations. 
  Develop in-depth client proposals for competitive and customer-based intelligence consulting projects in 

collaboration with business development team to promote Bainbridge’s expertise and available resources. 

  Formulate project scopes and create infographics and whitepapers to portray Bainbridge’s methodology, 

strategy, and timeline, customized to address client’s needs. 

 
RELATED PROJECTS – BAINBRIDGE, INC.  

  Assisted in the creation of the project design, scope, and initial research for a proposal that captured a project 

engagement valued at more than $120,000 for a Global Fortune 100 healthcare company. 

  Contributed primary-source findings, interpreted data points into actionable strategies, and developed 

customized PowerPoint deliverables for a Fortune 500 SaaS company within one month in position. 

  Assigned to Bainbridge’s long-time client, a leading educational testing service company, within 2 months of 

position to drive various competitor and customer-based intelligence research and data analysis projects: 

o  Primary contributor on a customer-based intelligence project valued at more than $30,000  

 

ADDITIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE 
University of San Diego Mission Fitness Center (MFC), San Diego, CA  
Scheduling and Staff Development Team Leader (Dec. 2014 – March 2016) | Staff Communications Project 
Supervisor (June 2014 – Dec. 2014) Recreation Operations Assistant (Sept. 2013 – June 2014) 
Employee of the Year Award (youngest recipient in facility’s history) 

                                           May 2015 
Interviewed and hired employees, coached employees on facility operations and policies, managed 6 employees. 

 
  Created and refined the facility’s 108 hour per week staff schedule that accommodated 22 total employees. 
  Helped team members set manageable, concrete, yet ambitious goals, and paired employee strengths to roles. 
  Managed, tracked, and organized ongoing projects, monitored project development, and reported progress 
  Assessed the effectiveness of development training programs and updated to improve staff performance.  
  Created a process to improve budget forecasting and analysis and track accumulated and remaining costs. 

                             Sept. 2013 – March 2016 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

AWARDS & RECOGNITIONS 
     Sept. 2013-May 2016 
University of San Diego Acalá Scholarship 
 
           May 2016 
GEICO Regional Achievement Award   
San Diego Social Innovations Challenge Award                                                                                                                      May 2015 
 
STRENGTHS & SKILLS 
Career-specific strengths: project management, project engagement proposals, data interpretation, predictive analysis, 
competitive landscape analysis, market/competitive intelligence, needs analysis, primary/secondary-source research, 
volume/price projections, infographics, strategic recommendations, team leadership & development, client deliverables 
 
Skills: Microsoft Office Excel Specialist Certification (Nov. 2014); professional written, reading, and oral proficiency in 
Spanish  

 
 

 
 

 
 

