150 Academy Street 
Newark, DE 19716 

Email: ccalero@udel.edu 
Phone: 302.602.9834 

Cesar Calero-Rubio 

 

Education 

 
University of Delaware 
Ph.D. Candidate in Chemical Engineering (expected 2018) 
Advised by Prof. C.J. Roberts 
GPA: 3.91/4.00 
 
Universidad Industrial de Santander, UIS (Bucaramanga, Colombia) 
Bachelor of Engineering in Chemical Engineering (2012) 
Graduated with Highest Distinction: Cum Laude 
Advised by Prof. L.J. López-Giraldo, Prof. E. Stashenko and Prof. J.R. Martínez 
Thesis: “Developing new semi-empirical models for solubility of polyphenols in ternary solutions with 
supercritical carbon dioxide and ethanol“ 
GPA: 4.43/5.00 

Research & professional experience 

 

 
Dept. of Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering, University of Delaware (2013 – present) 
Graduate Research Assistant 
-  Created  a  computational  framework  to  simulate  and  predict  protein  second  osmotic  virial 
coefficients  (B22)  and  protein-protein  Kirkwood-Buff  integrals  (G22)  for  highly  concentrated 
monoclonal antibody (mAb) and other protein solutions. 

-  Developed  novel  approaches  to  measure  protein-cosolute  and  protein-solvent  interactions  in 

liquid solutions via density measurements for dilute protein solutions. 

-  Tuned  coarse-grained  molecular  models  to  accurately  model  unfolding  and  self-association 

- 

behavior of peptides and scFv molecules. 
Studied  non-native  and  native  aggregation  of  peptides  and  proteins  using  continuous  light 
scattering monitoring and size exclusion chromatography. 

-  Evaluated  long-term  monoclonal  antibody  non-native  aggregation  as  a  function  of  solution 

formulation at pharmaceutically relevant conditions. 

 
CENIVAM (Bucaramanga, Colombia) (2012-2013) 
Research and Production Engineer 
-  Developed stable formulations for essential oils-based products. 
-  Extracted metabolites and antioxidants from natural raw materials using supercritical CO2. 
-  Produced essential oils-based products under Chicamocha Magic® brand. 
-  Extracted essential oils using water-vapor and microwave induced extraction. 
- 
 
Dept. of Chemical Engineering, UIS (Bucaramanga, Colombia) (2010-2012) 
Undergraduate Research Assistant 
-  Developed mathematical models for supercritical extractions. 
- 

Studied the viability of using supercritical CO2 to obtain secondary metabolites from organic 
waste, flowers and fruits. 

Studied the viability and development of tick repellent formulations based on organic waste. 

