Jing Guo 

105 Wharton Drive                                                                                                    (434)218-8350 
Newark, DE, 19711                                                                                                   jguo@udel.edu 
 
EDUCATION                                                                                                                  
University of Virginia – Charlottesville, VA                                                                 Aug 2016 
Ph. D. in Chemical Engineering 
Thesis: Unfolding and Aggregation of Monoclonal Antibodies during Cation Exchange 
Chromatography  
Thesis advisor: Prof. Giorgio Carta 
 
Tianjin University – Tianjin, China                                                                              June 2011 
B.S. in Chemical Engineering 
 
RESEARCH EXPERIENCE 
University of Delaware – Newark, DE                                                              Sep. 2016-Present 
Postdoctoral  Researcher,  Delaware  Biotechnology  Institute  &  Department  of  Chemical  and 
Biomolecular Engineering 
Advisors: Prof. Kelvin H. Lee and Prof. Abraham M. Lenhoff 
 
University of Virginia – Charlottesville, VA                                              Aug. 2011-Aug. 2016 
Research assistant, Department of Chemical Engineering 
Thesis advisor: Prof. Giorgio Carta 

  Explored  the  elution  behavior  of  multiple  monoclonal  antibodies  on  a  broad  range  of 

CEX resins containing different types of surface extenders and different pores sizes. 

  Characterized the  nature of the  aggregates formed using size exclusion chromatography 
(SEC) and dynamic light scattering (DLS) and determined how their formation depends 
on buffer pH, hold time before elution, loading salt concentration, loading flow rate, and 
protein mass load. 
Investigated  a  potential  connection  between  unfolding/aggregation  behavior  and  the 
tentacle architecture of Fractogel EMD SO3- resin, particularly with respect to the  very 
high  binding  capacities  and  unique  diffusional  mass  transfer  kinetics  that  are  often 
associated with polymer-functionalized ion exchangers. 

 

  Established a molecular level understanding of the unfolding/aggregation behavior using 
hydrogen-deuterium  exchange  mass  spectrometry  (HX-MS)  to  determine  peptide-level 
conformational changes caused by binding and/or elution on the resin. 

TEACHING EXPERIENCE 
University of Virginia – Charlottesville, VA                                       May, Oct 2015, May 2016 
Tutor, Protein Chromatography short course   

  Teaching  the  laboratory  and  data  analysis  sessions  for  industrial  participants  in 
engineering  fundamentals  and  measurements  for  process  development  and  scale-up, 
including protein isocratic elution, breakthrough and linear gradient elution experiments. 

 

