CURRICULUM VITEA SAMIR TARTIR   ADDRESS 107 College Station Rd. #D204 Athens, GA 30605 USA Email: startir@uga.edu URL: http://www.cs.uga.edu/~tartir Phone: (706) 461-3572   EDUCATION January/2004 – Present Ph.D. in Computer Science University of Georgia Athens, Georgia, USA Advisor: Dr. I. Budak Arpinar September/1999 – August/2002 M.S. in Computer Science University of Jordan Amman, Jordan Thesis: "Data Migration from Relational Databases into Multidimensional Databases". Advisors: Dr. Riad Jabri and Dr. Munib Qutaishat September/1994 – June/1998 B.Sc. in Computer Science University of Jordan Amman, Jordan   WORK EXPERIENCE:  August/2004 – Present Research Assistant / Instructor LSDIS Lab, Computer Science Department, UGA – Athens, GA, USA http://lsdis.cs.uga.edu  Member of SEMDIS, an NSF-ITR funded project "Semantic Discovery: Discovering Complex Relationships in the Semantic Web". Research focus on defining and representing meaningful and interesting relationships (called: semantic associations) between entities in RDF graphs. It includes creation of algorithms for discovering informative paths, indexing and querying of complex semantic relationships, as well as ranking association results in terms of relevance to the context of the query. As a part of the SEMDIS project, I am working on the following: • Conducting research on the problem of interpreting natural language questions using ontologies and extracting their answers from web documents and local relational and semantic databases. • I designed the OntoQA framework that focuses on the analysis and summarization of ontologies to be able to understand their contents without the need to view complex RDF or OWL files. To date, our original OntoQA publication (published in November 2005) has been cited more than 22 times. The OntoQA framework was enhanced to include the capabilities to rank ontologies based on keywords and ontology features that the user specifies. • I have also designed the SemanticQA framework that utilizes ontological knowledge to answer user questions presented in natural English by extracting 