JAIM AHMED 1118 Barnett Shoals Rd. Athens, GA 30605 (706)255-4909 Email: jahmed@partnersoft.com   OBJECTIVE: Seeking an appropriate position as a software developer in a suitable company.  RESEARCH INTEREST: Under the guidance of Dr. Hybinette have been working with large scale the simulation group. As the Masters thesis, working with Dr. Hybinette on ways to improve performance of K-nearest neighbor algorithm applicable to autonomous robot navigation.  EDUCATION: UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA Athens, GA Inline to earn Masters of Science degree in Computer Science from University of Georgia in May, 2009.  SOUTHERN POLYTECHNIC STATE UNIVERSITY Marietta, GA. Bachelors of Science 09/97, Industrial Engineering Technology, completed several courses in Electrical Engineering.  EXPERIENCE: 03/99 - Current PARTNER SOFTWARE INC. Athens, GA Responsible for software planning, software programming, implementation, and testing. Responsible for create and customize software application for electric power utility clients. Worked on webpage development and website maintenance. Responsible for computer architecture and writing computer programs. Worked with external customers and technical support.  Achievements; * Coordinated joint project between technical consultants and third party software vendors. * Responsible for training internal and external customers. * Helped setting and implement up "Black Box" software quality control. * Completed project to create and implement file cleanup scripts.   01/98 - 02/99 WHALEY MACHINE PRODUCTS, INC. Chamblee, GA Responsible for design and implementation of the entire quality system. Implemented SPC and lot-by-lot sampling methods. Set up mechanical gage control. Responsible for the training of a group of 15 employees of the quality control procedures.  Achievements; * Coordinated FMEA, VE, and Design of Experiments. * Responsible for internal and external customer relations. * Reduced reworks and rejects by 88% (6 months). * Achieved 73% cost reduction on returned products. * Responsible for ISO 9000 documentation (partial). 