Oracle banking applications developer, specializing in the Trade Finance System applications. July/1999 – September/1999 Database Developer Al-Awa'el Computer Systems - Amman, Jordan http://www.awael.com.jo  I was helped the company employees in moving their development of several database application from Microsoft Access to Oracle.   PUBLICATIONS:  • Samir Tartir, Bobby McKnight, and I. Budak Arpinar. SemanticQA: Web-Based Ontology-Driven Question Answering. In the 24th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing, Waikiki Beach, Honolulu, Hawaii, USA, March 8-12, 2009.  • Samir Tartir, I. Budak Arpinar and Amit P. Sheth. Ontological Evaluation and Validation. In R. Poli (Editor): Theory and Applications of Ontology (TAO), volume II: Ontology: The Information-science Stance (forthcoming volume by Springer, 2008) (To appear)  • Samir Tartir and I. Budak Arpinar. Ontology Evaluation and Ranking using OntoQA. Proceedings of the First IEEE International Conference on Semantic Computing, September 17-19, 2007, Irvine, California, USA  • Satya S. Sahoo, Christopher Thomas, Amit P. Sheth, William S. York, and Samir Tartir. Knowledge modeling and its applications in life sciences: A case study of GlycO and ProPreO. The 2006 World Wide Web Conference. May 22-26, 2006, Edinburgh, Scotland. (Acceptance rate: 11%)  • Samir Tartir and Ayman Issa. SQLFlow: PL/SQL Multi-Diagrammatic Source Code Visualization. International Arab Conference on Information Technology ACIT'2005. Al-Isra Private University, Jordan. December 6-8, 2005.  • Samir Tartir, I. Budak Arpinar, Michael Moore, Amit P. Sheth, Boanerges Aleman-Meza. OntoQA: Metric-Based Ontology Quality Analysis. IEEE ICDM 2005 Workshop on Knowledge Acquisition from Distributed, Autonomous, Semantically Heterogeneous Data and Knowledge Sources. Houston, Texas, November 27, 2005   TEACHING EXPERIENCE I have taught several classes during my teaching experience at Philadelphia University including the following classes: • Advanced Database • Oracle • Visual Basic • Management Support systems • Introduction to Computer Science  I have also taught the following class at The University of Georgia: • CSCI-1302: “Software Development”  I have also served as and as a guest lecturer in several lectures at The University of Georgia including: • Special Topics in Computer Science • Enterprise Information Systems 