Srikalyan C. Swayampakula, Department of Computer Science, University of Georgia 415 Boyd Graduate Studies Research Center, Athens, GA 30602 Tel: 1-443-481-7555 Email: srikalyansswayam@hotmail.com.  OBJECTIVE:   • Obtain a challenging job by utilizing my skills in software development and business process management and to develop quality software.  EDUCATION:   • University of Georgia, Athens, Georgia. Masters in Computer Sciences, Expected graduation May 2009 (with current GPA 3.92). • NITS, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, India. Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering, May 2007 (passed out First Class with Distinction). PROGRAMMING SKILLS:  • Languages: C, C++, visual c#, Java, J2ee, python. • Databases:    Oracle, MySQL, Postgre, SQL Server. • Web Technologies:  Ajax, HTML, Java script, PHP, WSDL, XML, SOAP, BPEL.  WORK EXPERIENCE:    • I am currently working as a Research Assistant under Dr. Itai Himelboim. • I worked as a Teaching Assistant for CSCI 1301, an introductory Java programming course from fall 2007 to fall 2008. • I have developed a small database management system using b+ trees as indexes and used several optimization techniques to enhance its performance.  Project Work at the DLRL, Hyderabad, India- Dec-Apr’06. • Developed “Software Configuration Management System” which controls the changes to the Software system in order to ensure the quality of the software.  ACTIVITIES AND ACHIEVEMENTS:  • I am currently working under Dr. John A. Miller at LSDIS lab, in the area of Semantic Web (Semantic search) and Web services (Web service composition) for my thesis. LSDIS lab is one of the prestigious lab in the area of Semantic web and Web services. • I was the recipient of “Regents Out-of-State fee waiver” for my best performance, for the academic 2008-2009 year. • I was First ranker in “MNR Talent Test”, a talent test in Mathematics and Physics in my 10th standard. • I am currently running a blog called “Knowledge Charity”, where I post videos for learning some of the programming languages (go to: http://srikalyanswayampakula.blogspot.com for more information).  AREAS OF RESEARCH:  • Web services, semantic web (esp. semantic search) and Databases. 