   VASIM MAHAMUDA Page 2 of 2   EXPERIENCE  University of Georgia, Athens, GA Research Assistant (concurrent with Education)  Aug ‘08 - Present Working on a research project - ‘Prediction of non-coding RNAs’. The main goal of the project is to find a fast and reliable method for prediction of non-coding RNA’s. Applying machine-learning techniques to find a method, which would help us to predict the non-coding RNA’s and hence can identify the gene composition to predict diseases.  TATA Consultancy Services, Chennai, India Software Associate      Jan ‘08 – Jul ‘08 • Developed an online feedback portal know as CLT leadership where all the employers rated their supervisors. • Running impromptu reports on the HR database upon request of users. • Provide backend database support for Tata Indicom, a telecom application. • Developed an online Hotel management system as a part of my training. • Developed the Java Application with client side using applets and server side using servlets, with SQL server as the backend. • Developed Java applets and applications implementing a standard data classification algorithm.    PROJECTS & ACHIEVEMENTS • Developed a Meta search engine that queries five well-known search engines Google, Yahoo, Altavista, Askjeeves and Excite and collects the top twenty results returned by each of them to the user query.  • Presented a research paper on ‘Mobile Computing’ at a national level presentation sponsored by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). • Promoted Science and Math careers and counseled high school girls for selection of majors. • Organized fundraisers and planned various social events for the Computer Science girls volleyball team. • Created a database which performed operations such as selection, union, minus, projection on a table, created an index based on B+ tree structure for retreiving data from the table and then compared the performance of this database with well known databases such as Oracle, Postgres, MySQL as a part of the course work in ‘Database Systems’ during my first semester(masters).  