Undergraduates Seeking Internships

 
EVAN A. SMITH 

206 Elm Street, Box 204133, New Haven, CT 06520 

Cell: 978-761-8825 - evan.smith@yale.edu 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

Engineering student with a broad technical design background interested in renewable energy systems and 
innovation. 

SKILLS 

Technical Design Experience 
CAD Experience (SolidWorks, Maya, VW) 
Independent Problem-Solving 

Programming Experience (Java, Python, C) 
Technical Team Leadership 
Data Collection and Analysis 

WORK HISTORY 
01/2017 to Current  Media Technician 

Yale Student Technology Collaborative – New Haven, CT 
Provide media resources to library patrons, as well as assisting in multimedia education and other technical 
projects on campus. 

05/2016 to 09/2016 Optical Engineering Intern 

Acacia Communications – Maynard, MA 
Debugged long-distance optical transmitters and test software. Assembled, calibrated, and tested equipment 
racks for use in running load and stress trials. 

01/2016 to Current  Tour Guide 

Campus Sherpa 
Gave personalized tours of Yale's Campus to prospective applicants. Provided followup application and 
interview advice and tutoring. 

05/2014 to 09/2014 Lab Intern 

Acacia Communications – Maynard, MA 
Worked during high school to build test racks for use in international calibration. Trusted to work independently 
to assemble sets of equipment worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. 

EXTRACURRICULARS 

Yale Dramatic Association, Yale Drama Coalition, and Yale Baroque Opera Project 
- Worked on 14 theatrical productions in first year on campus, including technical leadership positions with 
professional designers and technicians in roles including Lighting Designer, Master Electrician, and Projections 
Designer. 

Jonathan Edwards College Council 
- Served as Secretary, worked to convert student feedback into concrete change in a residential college. 

Led efforts to improve facilities on campus. 

ACCOMPLISHMENTS 

Henry David Thoreau Scholar 
- Selected as one of MA's top environmentally-focused college students. 
National Merit and AP Scholar 

EDUCATION 
Current 

Bachelor of Science: Electrical Engineering and Computer Science 
Yale University - New Haven, CT (Cumulative GPA: 3.56 / 4.0) 

Energy Studies Multidisciplinary Academic Program Student 
Relevant Coursework Includes: 

- Mechanical Design, Introduction to Computer Science, Discrete Mathematics, Introduction to Electronics,  
Data Structures, Energy Technology and Society, Applied Multivariable Calculus, University Physics 

SeniorsM.S.Ph.D.Post-DocsUndergraduates Seeking Internships