Undergraduates Seeking Internships
304 York Street 
sen.huang@yale.edu 
New Haven, CT 06511                                    https://github.com/flubadoo                                                718-775-7079 
Education 

Sen Huang 

 

 

 
Yale University  
              
B.S. in Computer Science and Mathematics (3.83/4.00 GPA) 
Currently Enrolled in: Data Structures, Analysis of Algorithms, and Natural Language Processing. Previous coursework 
in: Programming in C/C++, Discrete Math, Intro to Computer Science, Linear Algebra, and Vector Analysis. 
 

         New Haven, CT: Expected May 2019 

              

        

Experience 

 
Natural Language Processing Researcher – LILY Lab at Yale                     New Haven, CT: January 2017-Present 

•  Developing neural text summarization tools to atomize academic papers and their relevant citations. Python/NLTK 
•  Actively researching the field of NLP, focusing on neural network learning in Professor Dragomir Radev’s LILY lab. 

 
Software Developer, Technical Assistant – Yale Law School  

        

       New Haven, CT: January 2016-Present 

•  Collaborating on a 2-person project to develop a new search engine for the Law School built on Project Blacklight. It 

synthesizes disparate Solr indexes and comprehensively searches through website and library records. Ruby on Rails 
•  Designed a regex algorithm to link over 1000 footnotes for the e-book Follow the Money by Michael J. Graetz. Python  
•  Redesigned the Law School Case Search interface for general UX optimization. HTML/CSS 

 
Software Development Intern – My Best Plan, LLC (Startup)                             Houston, TX: May 2016-July 2016 

•  Developed a new credit card/invoice process in framework for the electricity rate plan analysis site, decreasing time 

spent by operators on account updates by 40% on average. Redesigned the back-end of the site. Python/Django 

•  Constructed new graphing tools to better inform operators about their choice of the best rate plan. Javascript 
•  Designed a modular, automated screenshot file-naming system to eliminate human error in recordkeeping, reducing 

time spent on recordkeeping from up to 15 seconds per record to less than 3 seconds. Python/Django 
 

Leadership 

 
President, Business Manager – Duke’s Men of Yale (Acapella Group)      New Haven, CT: October 2015-Present 

•  Manages logistics, plans tours, communicates with a wide variety of clients, coordinates with alumni, and ensures that 

the social group dynamic stays exciting while constantly taking care of financial matters and budgeting. 

•  Developed a new, gig-intensive business model that tripled the initial $5000 of funding since the start of the 2016 

academic year, in addition to acquiring at least $20000 of value in a sponsored international tour to China.  
 

Projects 

 
Nutrifai (PennApps XV Hackathon): https://devpost.com/software/pennapps-2017 

•  Integrated iOS and web app. Implemented the Clarifai API to perform image recognition, then mines multiple 

nutritional databases to algorithmically display relevant health risks of the food. 4-person team. Swift/Objective-C/NodeJS 
 
NeuroTec Vehicles: https://github.com/flubadoo/NeuroPlanes 

•  Extensive AI vehicle add-on pack for a video game called Garry’s Mod. AI framework is completely custom. 

Developed a UI for the self-drivable vehicles and extended the AI framework from airspace to the ground, using 
HAA* algorithm to fully integrate ground vehicles. Over 10,000 downloads. 7-person team. Lua 
 
Von Neumann Machine Simulator: https://github.com/flubadoo/vonneumann 

•  16-bit computer that simulates all elements of a basic Von Neumann machine in bitwise form, and is able to fully 

process and run a slightly modified version of assembly language through recursive functional programming. Scheme 
 
Interactive C++ Graphics Projects: https://github.com/flubadoo/3dmodelviewer 

•  Built a graphical version of Conway’s Game of Life in that utilizes Qt graphics capabilities with full user interaction. 

Created a 3D Model Creator that uses linear algebra to transform coordinate data to generate 3D Models. C and C++ 
 

Skills 

 

Proficiency coding in C, C++, and Scheme. Familiar with Python, Javascript, HTML, Swift, Lua, Django, Rails, NLTK 
Familiar frameworks and technologies: Git, UNIX, XCode, Rails, MATLAB, LaTeX, Calibre, and MS Office. 

