Undergraduates Seeking Internships

Mary Chukwu 
 
PO Box 200209, New Haven, CT 06520; Cell Phone: (713)-859-0378; E-mail: mary.chukwu@yale.edu 
EDUCATION 
 

Yale University, New Haven, CT 
Bachelor of Science in Environmental Engineering 
Expected Graduation: May 2018, Cumulative GPA 3.73;  
Coursework Includes: Air Pollution Control; Differential Equations; Thermodynamics; Statistics 
 
University of Cambridge, Cambridge, United Kingdom 
Pembroke-King’s Summer Program Summer 2016 
Coursework Includes: Introductory Finance; Behavioral Economics 
 

EXPERIENCE 
 

Biomedical Research Intern, CUSP Program, University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, Aurora, 
CO, May 2015-July 2015 
Conducted immunology research on Chronic Beryllium Disease (CBD) under the supervision of a principal 
investigator and research mentor. Presented findings at a poster session and later a symposium. 
 
Chair of Speakers, Undergraduate Women in Science at Yale (UWISAY), New Haven, CT 2016-
present; member 2015-present 
Contribute to supporting the community of women scientists and engineers at Yale. Organize dinner talks 
with professors in STEM fields. 

Student Technician, Student Technology Collaborative at Yale, New Haven, CT Dec 2015-present 
Provide technology support for Yale students. Staff the Technology Troubleshooting Office and provide in-
person technology assistance. Repair and refurbish computers in the internal hardware office. Resolve 
requests submitted by students via email.  

Writer for Yale Scientific Magazine, New Haven, CT, Oct 2015 – present 
Write articles over a variety of scientific topics and research in the nation’s oldest college science 
publication. Conduct interviews of Yale faculty for each article. Readership extends to the general Yale 
community. Four published articles to date. 
 
Treasurer, Engineering World Health (EWH), New Haven, CT, Oct 2015- present 
Collaborate in a multidisciplinary team to design and build medical equipment or aids on a project to project 
basis. Current work involves improving the accessibility of information on medical risks for Yale student 
travelers abroad through the development of a travel health app. 
 
Bulldogs Ambassador, Yale Office of Career Strategy, New Haven, CT Sept 2015-present 
Represent the Bulldogs in the Rockies Yale coordinated internship program at the Summer Opportunities 
Fair. Fulfill an information and recruitment role. Hosted an informal Q&A dinner about the program.  

 

 

 

 
ACTIVITIES 

Yale Political Union, Fall 2014-present 
Debate critical issues of politics, philosophy, and society. Executive board member of the Federalist Party. 
Organize debate topics and events. Deliver speeches and in turn, defend and question arguments.  

Yale Undergraduate Choral Society (YUCS), New Haven, CT Oct 2015-present 
Sing in a non-acapella choir that meets once a week. Performed in a holiday concert in December 2015 and a 
spring concert in May 2016.  

SeniorsM.S.Ph.D.Post-DocsUndergraduates Seeking Internships