SENIORS

206 Elm Street, P.O. Box 200626, New Haven, CT 06530 

Cell: 201.562.0262 

Email: paul.kim@yale.edu 

GPA: 3.75 

Paul Kim 

 

Objective: To attend a graduate school with a focus in the field of renewable energy  
 
Education 
Yale University, New Haven, CT  
B.S. Chemical Engineering  
Work/Research Experience  
Molecular Engineering of Corroles for Photoelectrochemical Devices 
•   Research assistant, Yale Energy Science Institute, conducted under supervision of Professor Gary Brudvig. 
•   Fabricated dye-sensitized solar cells (DSSC) for use in light-driven water oxidation. 
•  

Investigated the usage of corroles and porphyrins for use in DSSCs. 

 
Organic Solar Cells based on Free-standing Silver Nanowire Electrodes 
•   Summer intern, University of Konstanz in Germany, supervised by Professor Lukas Schmidt-Mende 
•   Analyzed the effect of silver nanowire arrays on the performance of hybrid solar cells. 
•   Optimized construction procedure of flat film hybrid solar cells to achieve greatest efficiency. 
•   Deutscher Akademischer Austausch Dienst (DAAD) Research Internships in Science and Engineering. 

Expected Graduation Date: May 2017 
 

 

May 2014 – Present 

May 2015 – July 2015 

 
Sandia National Laboratories (Livermore, CA) – Summer Intern 
June 2016 – August 2016 
•   Measured the change in transport properties (thermal conductivity, resistivity) of thermoelectric materials after aging 
•   Used Adobe Creative Suite to measure porosity and pore size of thermoelectric materials after aging  
•   Conducted thermal conductivity measurements to characterize thin coatings for use in thermal barriers 

 
BASF Catalysts (Iselin, NJ) – Research and Development Intern  
•   Synthesized diesel oxidation catalysts (classified materials and methods). 
•   Prepared and coated cores to be tested for use in catalytic converters. 
 

July 2013 – August 2013 

 

Polymer Processing Institute (Newark, NJ) – Intern  
•   Assist in production and analysis of classified polymers. 
•   Learn different characterization techniques utilized to identify materials and substances, and what each of these 

August 2012 – May 2013 

different techniques offered in terms of identifying substances and their properties. 

July 2011 – August 2011 

Investigated the effects of tides on a local reconstructed wetland. 

NJ Meadowlands Environmental Research Institute (Lyndhurst, NJ) – Research Intern 
•  
•   Studied eutrophication by conducting fieldwork to sample tidal water coming into and leaving a constructed wetland. 
 
Publications:  
Feng, Y. et al. (2016). Uniform Large-Area Free-Standing Silver Nanowire Arrays on Transparent Conducting Substrates. 
J. Electrochem. Soc., 163(8), D447-D452. 
Brennan, Bradley J., et al. "Surface-Induced Deprotection of THP-Protected Hydroxamic Acids on Titanium 
Dioxide." The Journal of Physical Chemistry C(2016).  
Brennan, B. J., Lam, Y. C., Kim, P. M., Zhang, X., & Brudvig, G. W. (2015). Photoelectrochemical cells utilizing tunable 
corroles. ACS applied materials & interfaces, 7(29), 16124-16130.  
Extracurricular Activities: 
Director, Splash at Yale: Organized an educational outreach program for 200+ middle and high school students  
President, Yale AIChE: Organized career/networking events for chemical engineering majors at Yale. 
Equipment Specialist Coordinator, Yale Student Technology Collaborative: Assist in provision and repair of media 
equipment on Yale campus 

 

Lyndhurst, NJ 

SeniorsM.S.Ph.D.Post-DocsUndergraduates Seeking Internships