Undergraduates Seeking Internships

Duane Madziva 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

                    

Home Adress                                                                                                                                                 School Adress 
179 Dwight Street  
                         Yale University  
New Haven, CT 06511.                                                                                                                     New Haven, CT 06520 
Email: duane.madziva@yale.edu  
Cell: (203) 393-5428 
 
EDUCATION   
 
 
Yale University, Yale College, New Haven, CT.                                                                               Expected May 2018 
Bachelor of Science, Biomedical Engineering. 
GPA: 3.54 
Kutama College, Zvimba, Zimbabwe.  
Awards: Top 5% of Graduating Class, Overall Best Student (Class of 2013), Top student in Mathematics, Biology and 
Chemistry (2013). 
 
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE 
Student Partnerships For Global Health, Yale University. 
Finance and Institutionalization Officer.  

 
                                               
 

 
         start and end date 
August 2016 – Present 

                                                      

October 2013 

______  

   

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  Assist Global Health Research teams with Fellowship applications for research grants. 
  Establish partnerships with local Global Health organizations, donors and Yale Faculty groups to secure a 

dependable and efficient funding base for research teams. 

  Manage finances and funding for Student Partnerships For Global Health. 
 
 

Unite For Sight, Yale University. 
Global Health Society Chair. 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

August 2016 – Present 
 

  Plan educational and awareness events for Unite For Sight and work hand in hand in hand with other Unite for 

Sight officers to coordinate fundraisers. 

  Coordinate volunteer sign-ups for society events and maintain communication with other officers in order to 

 

 
 

   

 
 

ensure organization tasks are completed on time. 
 

Yale Greenberg World Fellows, Yale University.      
World Fellow Liaison. 

 

 

 

 

                       Fall 2015 

  Developed opportunities for World Fellows through lectures, seminars and round-table discussion to interact and 

engage with students in fields that World fellows were involved in. 

  Advertised World Fellow events through social media and other media platforms, promoted Yale World Fellows 
Night and informed World Fellows of events and conferences on campus that could potentially facilitate dialogue 
between World Fellows and attendees. 
 

RELEVANT EXPERIENCE   
Yale Summer Session, Residential Counselor. 

 
 
          May 2016 – August 2016 
  Responsible for organizing and monitoring Yale Summer Session events such as study breaks, Intramural Sports, 

_____ 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

Trips in and out of New Haven, and other events for Yale Summer Session students. 

  Responsible for ensuring the safety, and easy accessibility of Yale academic resources for Summer Session 

counselees/ students through being a source of information and guidance.  
 

Yale Office of International Students and Scholars, Student Worker. 

 

 August 2014 – Present 

  Performing clerical and data entry tasks, creating and updating records and compiling information as and when 

required by supervisors. 

  Filing documents and incoming mail and scheduling appointments for advisors. 

 

 

 
 
SPECIALIZED SKILLS 
Matlab; Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint and Excel); Adobe Premier. 
 
Foreign Languages: Shona (Fluent); Zulu (Intermediate). 
  
Student Campus Involvement: Yale Men’s Rugby, Yale Biomedical Engineering Society, Yale Latin Dance Team. 
 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
_____ 

                               
 

 

SeniorsM.S.Ph.D.Post-DocsUndergraduates Seeking Internships