Undergraduates Seeking Internships

David Eaton 

128 Linsley Lake Rd  North Branford, CT 06471 

Phone: 203-535-8855  E-Mail: david.eaton@yale.edu 

Skills 

EMT Certified 
Software: MS Office, MatLab, GraphPad Prism, Image J 
Languages: Professional Spanish 

Education 

Yale University  

•  Expected B.S./M.S. in Biomedical Engineering 

     
o  Focus on Biomolecular Engineering and Bioimaging 

 

 

 

Colegio Mayor Guadalupe 

 

 

 

 

      

 

        2014- 2018 

     

      

    Summer 2016 

•  Took a Spanish language course and a history course in Madrid with the IES Study Abroad Program and lived with a 

 

 

 

 

 

host family for six weeks.  

•  GPA: 4.00 

Branford High School 

•  Unweighted GPA: 4.00, Valedictorian 

Research Experience 

 

 

 

 

 

        2010- 2014 

Research Student in Dr. Sreeganga Chandra’s Lab  

                     

 

    January 2016- Present 

•  The Chandra lab explores synapse loss and neurodegeneration. Part of my job involves genotyping mice using 

polymerase chain reaction (PCR). 

•  Working on two research projects. The first looks to determine if two mutant products of the DNAJC5 gene bind 

differently to a secretory membrane target protein, AP3B2, compared to the wild type protein. The other project seeks to 
develop a mouse PPT1 antibody for use in future experiments.  

Summer Student in Dr. Raimund Herzog’s Lab 

               

    Summer 2015 

•  Worked in Dr. Herzog’s endocrinology lab, which focuses on characterizing and preventing the central nervous system 

complications from diabetes. My goal was to understand (i) the adaptations in brain fuel metabolism to acute and 
recurrent hypoglycemia and (ii) the role of the receptor proteins PEA15, CASP8, and FAS.  

•  Acquired many lab skills including how to perform protein assays (i.e. BCA assay and Qubit assay), western blots, and 

coomassie blue staining.  

Yale Discovery to Cure Internship Program 

 

•  Worked in the Endocrinology lab of Karl Insogna, MD to investigate the mechanosensing ability of osteocytes. I 

performed experiments with a mentor and attended weekly lab meetings.  

 

•  Acquired many lab skills, including how to culture cells, perform a PCR, analyze data, communicate with other lab 

    Summer 2013 

  

 

•  The program further exposes students to research with weekly mentoring sessions. At the end of the program I presented 

my research findings to Yale Faculty and students in the program. 

Patient Services Volunteer at Haven Free Clinic  

         June 2016- Present 

•  Haven Free Clinic is a student-run primary care clinic partnered with Yale University that serves many Spanish-speaking 

•  The Patient Services Department requires a professional level of Spanish.  
•  Had to keep track of patient flow, manage appointments, and make phone calls to patients. 

  

            

  

 

           Fall 2016 

Yale New Haven Hospital Volunteer   

•  Patient Aide Volunteer in Surgery Unit 

Hypertension Awareness and Prevention Program at Yale                                     September 2016- Present 

•  Volunteered weekly to conduct blood pressure screenings in an effort to help effectively manage chronic hypertension in 

members, etc. 

Volunteer Experience 

patients.  

Volunteers Around the World (VAW) 

New Haven’s underserved communities. 
 

Activities 

 

 

 

Yale Emergency Medical Service (YEMS) 

•  Traveled with the Yale Chapter of VAW to Cusco, Peru to set up mobile clinics and assist with physical exams, the 

distribution of essential medicines, and the teaching of classes on public health issues. 

                    March 2016 

    August 2015- Present 

•  Work at athletic games and campus events and treat any injuries or medical emergencies. 
•  Help teach EMT skill stations (i.e. CPR) to current students in the EMT class and evaluate these students on their 

performance of these skill stations. 

IES Abroad Ambassador Program 

 

•  Offered advice and support to future study abroad students through email and on campus study abroad events. 

                           September 2016- Present 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

